bg,bg,True(FR) Г-жо председател, всъщност не исках да говоря по този доклад, а само да добавя една много близка на сърцето ми тема, която съм повдигала няколко пъти на срещи със страните от АКТБ.
bg,bg,True- (ET) В Съвета бяха съгласувани няколко важни въпроса.
bg,bg,TrueАко не упражняваме такъв ефективен контрол върху нелегалната имиграция поради недостатъчно сътрудничество с други страни, поради липса на спогодби за реадмисия, на практика тези граници стават по-слаби.
bg,bg,TrueБлагоприятстващият монопола характер на политиката на ЕС се илюстрира от факта, че 2/3 от общностните средства се насочват към големите предприятия (риболовни дружества, рибни стопанства, преработка), а останалата 1/3 се дава на бедните и обикновени рибари, за да ликвидират лодките си и да напуснат бранша.
bg,bg,TrueВ контекста на криза трябва да използваме възможността да преобразуваме и преквалифицираме пазара на труда, за да се избегнат отрицателни социални последици.
bg,bg,TrueВ тази част на Европа, за съжаление, материалното положение е все още видима пречка за достъп до образование, заетост и участие в културния живот.
bg,bg,TrueВместо това има доклади, че тези хора са подложени на свирепо преследване.
bg,bg,TrueВтората има за цел да се съсредоточи върху няколко градски зони и от там да започне широкомащабни операции срещу Ал Кайда.
bg,bg,TrueВъпреки това повечето от нас считат, че утре ще гласуваме в подкрепа на докладчика и с това ще изпратим ясно послание към Комисията и Съвета.
bg,bg,TrueГ-жо председател, както знаете, Европейският съюз приветства обещанието на президента Обама да закрие затвора Гуантанамо.
bg,bg,TrueГжо Председател, бих искал да се върна към казаното от г-н Watson.
bg,bg,TrueДлъжността на върховния представител, докато все още съществува, беше подкопана, а авторитетът на международната общност беше отслабен.
bg,bg,TrueДържавите-членки обаче следва да бъдат настоятелно призовани максимално да оползотворяват структурните фондове за насърчаване или създаване на работни места в малките и средни предприятия.
bg,bg,TrueЕдна от точките е посветена на превенцията.
bg,bg,TrueЗа бедствията действително няма национални граници.
bg,bg,TrueЗатова приветствам общата паспортна система, която ще хармонизира хигиенните мерки и контрола, което ще улесни свободното движение на домашни любимци.
bg,bg,TrueИкономическата криза го удари в момент, когато той не беше напълно възстановен от преживените през 2007 г. трудности.
bg,bg,TrueИскам да кажа, че това е доклад, който се основава на принципа на субсидиарност.
bg,bg,TrueКакво се постигна на тези преговори?
bg,bg,TrueКогато се установяват такива задължения, освен фактори като икономическо развитие и природни дадености, важно е да се вземе предвид също така и до каква степен са изпълнени ангажиментите от Киото до момента.
bg,bg,TrueКрайно време е държавата да предприеме конкретни стъпки към демократизация, изграждане на гражданско общество и зачитане на правата на човека по-специално свободата на изразяване и сдружаване.
bg,bg,TrueМного е важно да продължим тези срещи на високо равнище със социалните партньори и държавите-членки с цел обмен на най-добри практики.
bg,bg,TrueНаближаваме наистина последното гласуване - разрешете ми да изкажа с няколко думи личната си благодарност към вас за вашето доверие и за приятелството, което така дълго ми засвидетелствахте.
bg,bg,TrueНакрая бих искала да поздравя и двамата автори за отлично подготвените доклади.
bg,bg,TrueНе зная дали това ще ни бъде забавно преди изборите, но поне е принос към една наистина важна тема.
bg,bg,TrueНещо повече, искам също така да кажа, че предложенията внасят известна добавена стойност в сравнение с настоящия механизъм.
bg,bg,TrueНякои национални политици, нека погледнем реално, не подкрепят по-координирания подход в икономическата политика.
bg,bg,TrueОбщ бюджет за финансовата 2011 година (срок за внасяне на проектоизменения)
bg,bg,TrueОсновните рискове са от заразяване с бяс, ехинококоза и болести, пренасяни от кърлежи.
bg,bg,TrueОчаквах да разискваме сътрудничеството на Европейския съюз с Китай за реформи в световната финансова система, имайки предвид балансираната и конструктивна позиция на Китай, особено сега, преди срещата на върха на Г-20 в Лондон.
bg,bg,TrueПо отношение на действията от страна на Съюза, на който бяха прехвърлени значителни правомощия от държавите-членки, това дава възможност да се гарантира защитата на обществеността подобно на вече съществуващата по отношение на държавите-членки.
bg,bg,TrueПоложението не е по-добро и във връзка с предоставянето на информация, тъй като радиопрограмите - с изключение на държавното радио - ще трябва да се излъчват първо на езика на малцинството и после още веднъж изцяло, но вече преведени.
bg,bg,TrueПредвид това през 2006 г. Парламентът мъдро установи, че средства от Европейския социален фонд могат да бъдат изплащани и под формата на микрокредити или заеми, както е предвидено в член 11 от Регламента за Европейския социален фонд.
bg,bg,TrueПри тези условия държавите-членки в еврозоната, както и всички държави-членки ще срещнат трудности да отговорят на критериите за сближаване.
bg,bg,TrueПървият е равен достъп до икономически ресурси, а вторият - равен достъп до управлението на обществения живот.
bg,bg,TrueРазбира се, членовете на Парламента са свободни да го оспорят, но аз считам, че докъдето и да стигнем в този процес, много важно е да има правна сигурност.
bg,bg,TrueСамо си помислете за екологично чистите или за медицинските технологии, или например за нарастващия в Европа сектор на компютърните игри, в които конкретната подкрепа се оказва ефективна.
bg,bg,TrueСледващата точка е време за въпроси (B6-0231/2009).
bg,bg,TrueСпоред нас, това е най-малкото, което можем да осигурим на европейските граждани и потребители.
bg,bg,TrueСчитам, че това е положително развитие.
bg,bg,TrueСъществува впечатлението, че европейските фермери са единствените, които са обезпокоени.
bg,bg,TrueТака че, намирайки се между тези две крайности, какво следва да правим?
bg,bg,TrueТо ще бъде представено през следващата седмица, така че това, което започнахме днес, ще продължи и в бъдеше.
bg,bg,TrueТова е сериозно неизпълнение на Договора, и с цялото ми уважение, превръща изявлението на Съвета преди малко в откъс от научно-фантастична книга.
bg,bg,TrueТова също ще бъде обсъдено на среща с украинските органи само след няколко седмици.
bg,bg,TrueТой каза, че в алтернативното предложение са заличени четири параграфа от неговата първоначална резолюция, а това не е вярно: сменена е само номерацията.
bg,bg,TrueТрябва само да погледнете последиците от прилагането на безразборните критерии на пакта за стабилност, както и на либерализацията и приватизацията на стратегически сектори на обществените услуги, включително финансовите услуги, енергетиката, транспорта и пощенските услуги.
bg,bg,TrueФормалностите във връзка с наемането на първите служители биха могли да се уреждат на "едно гише", като се усъвършенстват плановете за повишаване на активността - по-конкретно, за нискоквалифицираните лица - чрез предоставяне на индивидуални консултации, интензивно обучение на работниците или преквалификация, повишаване на квалификацията на работниците и така нататък.
bg,bg,Trueв писмена форма. - (EN) Вместо "бързо" споразумение SWIFT, към което се стремяха Комисията и администрацията на САЩ, включването на Парламента ги накара да преговарят за "добро" споразумение SWIFT.
bg,bg,TrueРазискването на бюджета на Общността трябва да се проведе спешно, но считаме, че финансовата рамка след 2013 г. следва да се основава на солидарност и териториално сближаване, като това е от жизненоважно значение за региони като Мадейра, които са изправени пред постоянни трудности и поради това се нуждаят от постоянна подкрепа.
cs,cs,True(Podrobnosti o výsledku hlasování: viz zápis)
cs,cs,True3. prosince se představitelé 107 zemí, které v květnu tohoto roku přijaly Úmluvu o kazetové munici, setkají v Oslu k jejímu podpisu.
cs,cs,TrueAčkoli je údajně nejvyšší prioritou Evropské centrální banky omezení inflace, dosáhne letos její míra 3,6 %.
cs,cs,TrueBylo zde zmíněno, že toto soutěžení nebylo příliš velké, alespoň ne dosud.
cs,cs,TrueDalší pacienti utrpěli komplikace, které taktéž ohrozily jejich životy.
cs,cs,TrueDodávají strategii Evropa 2020 politické poselství, jemuž každý rozumí a proti kterému nikdo nemá námitky. Je to zaměstnanost, vzdělání, inovace, životní prostředí a sociální začlenění.
cs,cs,TrueDovolte mi, abych jenom řekl, že o podmínkách se diskutuje z vládami a všemi členskými státy v Radě, aby nebyly uvalovány jednostranně.
cs,cs,TrueDůraz kladený na potřebu nediskriminace při uplatňování nařízení je obzvláště vítán, protože není pochyb, že musíme bojovat s nezákonným, nehlášeným a neregulovaným rybolovem celosvětově, a opatření EU jsou důležitým krokem tímto směrem.
cs,cs,TrueFSA vykládá svůj přehled pravidel tajně; nechává si pokuty, které ukládá, aby si jeho úředníci vylepšili platy a penze; neexistuje zde žádný odvolací soud.
cs,cs,TrueI v případě plánované směrnice Solventnost II Komise a zpravodaj podporují neúspěšnou koncepci samoregulace.
cs,cs,TrueJde o současnou jednotu i rozmanitost center excelence neboli pôles d'excellence a o specifické postavení jiných regionů a míst, které mají své vlastní přednosti a mnohotvárnost.
cs,cs,TrueJeho postavení by však mohlo být ohroženo, pokud by se jeho konkurenti uchýlili k nekalým obchodním praktikám nebo nedodržovali práva duševního vlastnictví.
cs,cs,TrueJsem přesvědčen, že vedoucí role Evropy v energetické účinnosti a šetrném využívání zdrojů prospěje nejen životnímu prostředí, ale také naší zaměstnanosti.
cs,cs,TrueK tomu, co již paní komisařka řekla, bych rád dodal, že 34 % (takové jsou údaje, je však třeba zjistit, zda jsou tyto statistické údaje realistické či nikoli), nicméně v zásadě 34 % obětí protipěchotních nášlapných min ponechaných v zemi ve státech, kde proběhla válka, jsou děti, což činí tuto záležitost ještě závažnější.
cs,cs,TrueKomise koncem května představí svůj návrh, jak takový systém finančního dohledu v Evropě zorganizovat.
cs,cs,TrueLord Bethell byl kolega a přítel, který jednal podle svého přesvědčení a stanovoval měřítka.
cs,cs,TrueMusíme také vzít v úvahu situaci zemí jako je Polsko, jehož energetika je z větší části založena na uhlí.
cs,cs,TrueMísto toho je ve snaze zapojit je do struktur spolupráce Evropské unie zatěžujeme větší mírou byrokracie a vytvářením kapacity.
cs,cs,TrueNa této důvěryhodnosti se zakládá náš požadavek, aby předsednictví Rady a Komise aktivně zapojily tuto sněmovnu do reformních řešení, a k tomu musí být splněny tři cíle.
cs,cs,TrueNemůžete bojovat proti terorismu právními předpisy pro boj proti terorismu, které vyvolávají stejný pocit nejistoty.
cs,cs,TrueNyní je zřejmé, že navzdory nasazení EU v oblasti rozvojové politiky a tomu, že EU je největším poskytovatelem rozvojové pomoci na světě, není vždy mezi politikami EU účinné propojení, a to znesnadňuje dosažení rozvojových cílů tisíciletí.
cs,cs,TrueObě z výše uvedených oblastí jsou zanedbávané, vzhledem k skutečnosti, že nejsou jednoznačně identifikované.
cs,cs,TruePan Rehn nazval eurozónu něčím jako hodnotou samo v sobě a potom hovořil o krizi v Řecku.
cs,cs,TruePevně však věřím, že znění spojené se stupni vzdělání a diplomy zůstane nedotčeno.
cs,cs,TruePokud by se pomoc automobilovým společnostem, určená na obnovu, zdála někomu příliš nákladná, krach některých těchto společností by stál EU mnohem a mnohem více.
cs,cs,TruePožadavek výboru na registraci s cílem získat přístup k informacím je závažným porušením soukromí všech občanů, ať už jsou to zemědělci, novináři nebo učitelé dětí v mateřské škole.
cs,cs,TrueProto je mi velmi líto, že se návštěva delegace nemohla uskutečnit.
cs,cs,TrueProváděcí opatření (článek 88 jednacího řádu): viz zápis
cs,cs,TruePřesně to tvrdila Evropská komise v roce 2001.
cs,cs,TrueRozhodnutí o určitých dokumentech: viz zápis
cs,cs,TrueSamozřejmě Evropská služba pro vnější činnost bude v této oblasti klíčovým činitelem.
cs,cs,TrueSouhlasím se zpravodajem, pokud jde o jeho posouzení přezkumu kritérií pro klasifikaci znevýhodněných oblastí, který začal v roce 2005.
cs,cs,TrueStávající praxe pravidelného politického dialogu v plénu a ve Výboru pro zahraniční věci je nutné zachovat i ve zdvojené funkci, kterou bude vykonávat jedna osoba.
cs,cs,TrueTo je rovněž stanovisko zpravodajky, a proto jsem hlasoval pro přijetí této zprávy.
cs,cs,TrueTrvali jsme rovněž na tom - a paní Martensová to právě uvedla -, že mezi různými evropskými politikami musí existovat reálná soudržnost.
cs,cs,TrueV Evropské radě především vyslechneme předsedu vlády (Taoiseach), pana Briana Cowena, který podá vysvětlení okolností okolo výsledku referenda a důvodů takového závěru.
cs,cs,TrueV této chvíli je to zjevně obtížné, ale velice potřebné, a já doufám, že časem tento typ ratifikace budeme mít.
cs,cs,TrueVelmi málo hlav států v Evropě udělalo pro podporu práv žen víc než vy, pane Zapatero, a Evropský parlament vám za vaše úsilí v této oblasti dluží poděkování.
cs,cs,TrueVážená paní předsedající, dámy a pánové, jako lékař bojuji proti AIDS již 21 let, a každý rok slyším stále stejné rozpravy.
cs,cs,TrueVšichni bychom chtěli, aby jí v celé EU bylo více.
cs,cs,TrueZa třetí, co se týče pravidelných schůzí společné zahraniční a bezpečnostní politiky konaných podle Meziinstitucionální dohody ze 17. května 2006 o rozpočtové kázni a zdravém finančním řízení, Rozpočtový výbor je toho názoru, že by tyto schůze mohly být daleko lépe využity vyhodnocením plánovaných opatření v oblasti společné zahraniční a bezpečnostní politiky a středně a dlouhodobých strategií Evropské unie v zemích mimo EU a také tím, že připraví stanovisko rozpočtového orgánu ještě před smírčí schůzí.
cs,cs,TrueZároveň však musíme brát do úvahy přítomnost nevyřešených konfliktů.
cs,cs,Truepísemně. (RO) Domnívám se, že zavedení jednotných kritérií zjednoduší realizaci režimu plateb pro přírodně znevýhodněné oblasti napříč celou Evropskou unií a zároveň přinese větší transparentnost a jednotné zacházení s příjemci těchto režimů podpory.
cs,cs,Truepísemně. - Tato zpráva se zabývá významnou slabinou stávajícího právního rámce.
cs,cs,TrueČinnost je pro občany často neznámá, státní politika ji nepodporuje a mentalita lidí tuto činnost nepodporuje.
cs,cs,TrueJe ovšem také zřejmé, že tento přechod je možný.
da,da,TrueCentralt i denne strategiske energiplan, og jeg er bange for, at Laperrouze-betænkningen heller ikke rammer det rigtige, er den gamle energisammensætning af kul og atomkraft, og der sættes endnu engang ekstremt skarpt fokus på det nukleare område.
da,da,TrueDen er et vigtigt element, som imidlertid er blevet negligeret tidligere. Udvidelserne har tidligere været vellykkede, men i 2004 blev Unionen udvidet uden at være blevet uddybet forinden eller i samme forbindelse.
da,da,TrueDenne begivenhed skal fremhæve alt det, der forener os, og vores fælles værdier og principper.
da,da,TrueDer er mange i Parlamentet, som føler, at spørgsmålene her er meget væsentlige, da de alle vedrører sikring af EU-borgernes interesser og rettigheder. Denne betænkning klarlægger mange af punkterne som f.eks. indskudsgarantiordningen.
da,da,TrueDerfor er det vigtigt, at vi da virkelig garanterer visse grundlæggende rettigheder.
da,da,TrueDet er jeg ikke enig i, fordi jeg ikke finder det bevist ud fra de prøver og den forskning, som er gennemført i medlemsstaterne på foranledning af Kommissionen - primært af Levnedsmiddel- og Veterinærkontoret - at de aktuelle kontrolforanstaltninger vedrørende kød- og benmel er tilstrækkeligt sikre.
da,da,TrueDet glæder mig at høre Dem sige, at De mener, udstationeringsdirektivet skal forbedres, for en af de ting, vi ønsker, er en revidering af dette direktiv for i det mindste at belyse, hvordan kollektive aftaler kan anvendes til at etablere minimumsvilkår og -betingelser, og at sige, hvordan kollektive aktioner kan bruges til at beskytte disse rettigheder.
da,da,TrueDét forslag består dog i - og jeg er glad for at have medvirket til det - at Det Europæiske Råd udvælger den person, der skal foreslås, på baggrund af valgresultaterne.
da,da,TrueHovedprincippet, som ofte er blevet diskuteret her i Parlamentet, er, at forbrugerbeskyttelsesniveauet skal være så højt som muligt.
da,da,TrueHr. formand, i går var jeg til stede her i salen og talte om spørgsmålet om et europæisk luftfartssikkerhedsagentur og bemærkede, at den måde, hvorpå man ville nå dette mål, var ved en gradvis integration af de nationale systemer.
da,da,TrueI denne forbindelse er det vigtigt at huske på, hvad der er sket i Europa i de seneste uger, hvor vi har en økonomisk krise, hvis lige vi sjældent har været vidner til.
da,da,TrueJeg håber derfor, at Kommissionen vil være meget opmærksom på Parlamentets forslag, og at den tager omhyggeligt højde for Imbenis betænkning under den omstrukturering, der skal finde sted, så ECHO bliver stadig mere hensigtsmæssig og stadig mere effektiv, når det gælder aktionerne til fordel for de svagest stillede områder og befolkninger.
da,da,TrueKun ved at kombinere solidaritet, integration og respekt for loven kan vi finde den rigtige strategi for at løse disse problemer.
da,da,TrueMen alligevel er det her lykkedes Kommissionen at producere noget, som vi egentlig ikke ville have.
da,da,TrueMen jeg vil særlig gerne bede om mine kollegers støtte til de ændringer, med hvilke vi forsøger at fastlægge krav til kulfyrede kraftværker i fremtiden.
da,da,TrueNoget andet er de små industrier i de bymæssige bebyggelser, de små produktionsværksteder, som generer borgerne usædvanlig meget. Navnlig generer støjen fra diskoteker, ambulancer og vejtrafikken samt støj i forbindelse med en ikke hensynsfuld optræden over for naboer.
da,da,TruePå samme måde ved vi hver især, at fortidens ideologier hver for sig ikke har kunnet opfylde disse behov.
da,da,TrueSelv om topmødet mellem EU og Canada i Prag i 2009 bekræftede partnernes fælles mål om at sikre den fri bevægelighed for personer i fuld sikkerhed mellem EU og Canada, er vi nu i 2010, og intet er ændret.
da,da,TrueTi år efter det første udbrud af Lissabonhysteri er dette desværre den nye opskrift, som er i fare for at blive til en slankekur for europæisk økonomi.
da,da,TrueUdviklingen af partnerskaber mellem den offentlige og den private sektor kan ligeledes være med til at afhjælpe situationer, hvor der konstateres et uddannelsesmæssigt underskud.
da,da,TrueVi insisterer i hvert fald på, at målsætningerne i traktaten respekteres ved integrationen af Schengen-aftalen i traktaten, og at ligevægten mellem effektiviteten af politiets optræden og respekten for grundlæggende rettigheder og retsstaten genoprettes.
da,da,TrueVi opstiller med denne betænkning principperne for at handle og samarbejde med verdens regioner.
da,da,TrueVi, De Liberale, og alle grupper i Parlamentet, tror jeg, vil fuldt ud støtte Rumænien i at opnå dette, men det er Rumænien, der skal gøre det meste af arbejdet.
de,de,TrueDa keine Einigung mit der Kommission erzielt werden konnte, musste der Ausschuss seine Position bekräftigen, deshalb handelt es sich hier nicht um einen neuen Bericht, auf den Artikel 52 Absatz 3 erneut angewandt werden könnte, sondern um die Bestätigung des ersten Berichts.
de,de,TrueDas Europäische Parlament sollte ein objektiver Beobachter sein, da wir die Verhandlungen mit einer Vereinbarung enden sehen wollen, was den Beitritt der Türkei zur EU vereinfachen würde.
de,de,TrueDen vierten und fünften Aspekt meiner Frage haben Sie nicht beantwortet, und ich werde Sie nicht darum bitten, aber Sie haben von Flexibilität gesprochen, und ich würde gern wissen, wie die Kommission ihre Flexibilität misst.
de,de,TrueDes Weiteren hat der Vertreter der Kommission in deren Namen eine Position vertreten, die erstens falsch und zweitens inakzeptabel ist, weil sie alle heute im internationalen Finanzbereich außerhalb des Terrorismus betriebenen unrechtmäßigen Praktiken, angefangen von der Finanzierung des Drogenhandels und der Korruption, mit Stillschweigen übergeht.
de,de,TrueDie Armut von Frauen ist kein Naturgesetz und sollte es auch nicht sein.
de,de,TrueDie Hartnäckigkeit der Epidemie wirft eine erschreckende Frage auf: gibt es nicht vielleicht andere Wege zur Übertragung der Krankheit als die, die wir bisher entdeckt haben, nämlich die Verfütterung von Tiermehl und die Übertragung durch das Muttertier?
de,de,TrueDiese Vereinbarung besagt, dass die Kommission, nachdem das Europäische Parlament eine Anfrage zu einer Gesetzesinitiative erhalten hat, innerhalb eines Monats antworten und innerhalb eines Jahres eine geeignete europäische Rechtsvorschrift erarbeiten muss.
de,de,TrueDringend muss aus meiner Sicht immer wieder deutlich gemacht werden, dass die heutige Schülergeneration nach ihrem Ausbildungsabschluss in einem internationalen Wettbewerb um Ausbildungsplätze steht.
de,de,TrueEine Welt, in der 900 Mrd. Dollar für militärische Zwecke, aber nur 325 Mrd. Dollar für Agrarsubventionen und lediglich 60 Mrd. für Entwicklungshilfe aufgewendet werden, ist nicht gerade dazu angetan, ein langes Leben zu fördern.
de,de,TrueFrau Präsidentin, Frau Kommissarin, meine Damen und Herren! Gestatten Sie mir die Tatsache herauszustellen, dass wir heute über den ersten Bericht des Ausschusses für Landwirtschaft und ländliche Entwicklung, der dem ordentlichen Gesetzgebungsverfahren, so wie es im Vertrag von Lissabon festgelegt ist, unterliegt, debattieren.
de,de,TrueHerr Kommissar, im Gegensatz zu den Vorurteilen Ihres illustren Kreises von Wissenschaftlern ist niemand mehr als die Fischer selbst an der Erhaltung der Fischbestände interessiert, denn diese stellen ihre Lebensgrundlage, ihr Erbe sowie die Zukunft ihrer Kindern dar.
de,de,TrueIch habe für diesen Vorschlag gestimmt, weil ich glaube, dass diese Angelegenheit für Portugal von großer Wichtigkeit ist, und besonders für seine Regionen in Randlage, die für die gegenwärtige Krise besonders anfällig sind, da sie deren Wirkungen stärker spüren und länger benötigen, um sich davon zu erholen.
de,de,TrueIch möchte dies betonen, weil die Dinge meiner Überzeugung nach völlig anders hätten laufen können, wenn man in einem früheren Stadium willens gewesen wäre, mit den beteiligten Parteien Gespräche aufzunehmen.
de,de,TrueIch weise nur auf einige der Faktoren hin, die das Leben erschweren: Höhe und vor allem Hangneigung, aufgrund derer die Mechanisierung der Landwirtschaft schwierig ist, Zerstückelung der bewirtschafteten Flächen, geringere Fruchtbarkeit der Böden, Abwanderung der Bevölkerung und Überalterung der verbleibenden Bevölkerung, Probleme des Kommunikationsund Verkehrswesens, Entfernungen von den Siedlungsgebieten, ständige Gefährdung der Umwelt - und damit bestehende Ungewißheiten auch bei der Zukunftsplanung - sowie fehlende Basisinfrastrukturen wie Schulen, Straßen und soziale Einrichtungen.
de,de,TrueIn den Änderungsanträgen 2 und 7 wird vorgeschlagen, die Verpflichtung zur schriftlichen Meldung der Abfallsituation an Bord auf Fischereifahrzeuge von über 15 Metern Länge auszudehnen.
de,de,TrueIst die Kommission bereit, ähnliche Maßnahmen in anderen Regionen vorzuschlagen?
de,de,TrueNatürlich wäre es nützlich, wenn in allen Mitgliedstaaten ähnliche gesetzliche Vorschriften für die Finanzbuchhaltung gelten würden. Darauf werden wir aber wohl noch warten müssen.
de,de,TrueSchließlich möchte ich darauf hinweisen, wie äußerst wichtig es ist, dass wir in Europa die Führung mit dem Argument übernehmen, dass dies nicht unbedingt zu fallenden Lebensstandards - weder in der reichen noch in der armen Welt - führen muss.
de,de,TrueWas nun die Lösung hinsichtlich der restlichen 5 % anbelangt, so gibt es etwas, das sich in Nizza zeigte und sich jetzt bestätigt hat, nämlich dass die Methoden, eine ganze Nacht hindurch zu verhandeln und zu feilschen, das Problem nicht lösen.
de,de,TrueZur zweiten Frage möchte ich anmerken, dass die griechische Ratspräsidentschaft, insbesondere in Anbetracht des sich aus den Entwicklungen im asiatischen Raum ergebenden Drucks durch das organisierte Verbrechen und die illegalen Einwanderer, bereits vor anderthalb Jahr in einem Schreiben von Ministerpräsident Simitis ihren Standpunkt dargelegt hat, wonach es im Hinblick auf den schrittweisen Aufbau eines europäischen Grenzschutzes notwendig ist, gemeinsame Grenzschutzkorps einzurichten.
de,de,TrueWir haben bereits eines oder zwei pro Jahr - aber ich werde überprüfen, ob das ausreicht - zwischen allen Akteuren in den Mitgliedstaaten, manchmal sogar in den Regionen, die für das SOLVIT-Projekt verantwortlich sind.
el,el,True(DE) Κύριε Πρόεδρε, θέλω να εκμεταλλευτώ αυτήν την ευκαιρία για να επισημάνω δύο βασικά σημεία σε αυτές τις δύο εκθέσεις.
el,el,True(SV) Ποιες είναι οι συνέπειες για τους Λετονούς της πενηντάχρονης σοβιετικής κατοχής; Γιατί ένα μεγάλο κομμάτι του ρωσόφωνου πληθυσμού δεν θέλει να κάνει αίτηση πολιτογράφησης; Ποιος είναι ο ρόλος της Ρωσίας σε όλα αυτά; " Λετονία χρειάζεται την υποστήριξή μας, όχι την καταδίκη μας, προκειμένου να μπορέσει να ενθαρρύνει τους άνευ ιθαγενείας κατοίκους τους να υποβάλλουν αιτήσεις πολιτογράφησης.
el,el,TrueO Tύπος μιλάει πολύ για αυτό - όπως άλλωστε περιμέναμε -, αλλά η πρώτη παρουσίαση των εγγράφων θα γίνει αύριο ενώπιον του Σώματος, ώστε τα αξιότιμα μέλη του Eυρωπαϊκού Kοινοβουλίου να είναι αυτά που θα ξεκινήσουν τη συζήτηση πριν από όλους τους άλλους ευρωπαϊκούς θεσμούς.
el,el,TrueΈνας σημαντικός αριθμός αναγνωρισμένων ακτιβιστών απελευθερώθηκαν το 2005 και το 2006.
el,el,TrueΈχω υπόψη μου την πρόταση για την ενσωμάτωση της αρχής της ίσης μεταχείρισης των δύο φύλων στα καθήκοντα της Ένωσης. Παραπέμπω στην πρόταση για την απαγόρευση των διακρίσεων λόγω φύλου, μέσω μίας νέας ρήτρας κατά των διακρίσεων, δεδομένου ότι η ισότητα αποτελεί θεμελιώδες δικαίωμα.
el,el,TrueΌμως, από εκείνη τη στιγμή, έχω διαπιστώσει ότι μια ολόκληρη σειρά συναδέλφων που είχαν σκοπό να συμμετάσχουν σε αυτή τη συζήτηση, δήλωσαν ότι θα απουσιάσουν.
el,el,TrueΑκούσαμε πολλές συζητήσεις για τα ανθρώπινα δικαιώματα, λες και η καταπολέμηση της τρομοκρατίας και η πίστη στα ανθρώπινα δικαιώματα είναι ασύμβατες.
el,el,TrueΑντ&#x02BC;αυτού πρέπει να εργαζόμαστε περισσότερο προς την κατεύθυνση εκείνη η οποία, μεταξύ άλλων, έχει διατυπωθεί στην Λευκή Βίβλο η οποία κατετέθη στο Κοινοβούλιο για την αναζωογόνηση των σιδηροδρόμων της Ευρώπης.
el,el,TrueΑς συνεχίσουμε να συνεργαζόμαστε για να αποδείξουμε ότι είμαστε πραγματικά άξιοι της εμπιστοσύνης αυτής.
el,el,TrueΑυτό δεν διασφαλίζεται σε όλα τα κράτη μέλη για τις περιπτώσεις που βρίσκονται κάτω από τα κατώτατα όρια.
el,el,TrueΑυτό όμως δεν συνέβη.
el,el,TrueΓι' αυτό πιστεύω ότι αυτή η έκθεση να πρέπει να παραπεμφθεί εκ νέου στην επιτροπή.
el,el,TrueΓια τον λόγο αυτόν, απογοητεύτηκα κάπως με το απειροελάχιστο ποσό που επενδύεται στη γεωργία και τη δασοκομία στο πλαίσιο της στρατηγικής της Ευρώπης για το 2020.
el,el,TrueΔεν θα εκφέρω γνώμη όσον αφορά ολόκληρη την Ευρώπη, αλλά, προσωπικά, θα είμαι πιο επιφυλακτικός όσον αφορά τη Γαλλία.
el,el,TrueΕάν η Επιτροπή μπορούσε να ερευνήσει περαιτέρω, θα διαπίστωνε τεράστιες διαφορές στις παρεχόμενες υπηρεσίες.
el,el,TrueΕίναι επίσης γενικά παραδεκτό ότι η στρατιωτική χούντα ευθύνεται για αλλεπάλληλες παραβιάσεις των ανθρωπίνων δικαιωμάτων, συμπεριλαμβανομένης της βάναυσης μεταχείρισης των βουδιστών μοναχών που διαμαρτυρήθηκαν κατά του καθεστώτος.
el,el,TrueΕγώ ο ίδιος έχω χαρακτηρίσει το γεγονός ως πραγματικό σκάνδαλο.
el,el,TrueΕμείς την αναγνωρίζουμε.
el,el,TrueΕπειδή όμως οι ευθύνες είναι μεγάλες και άνισα καταμερισμένες, προκαλεί φυσικά θλίψη το μικρό μέγεθος του ταμείου.
el,el,TrueΕυτυχώς, η Εθνική Τράπεζα της Ρουμανίας διαθέτει επίσης πολύ μεγάλο αριθμό επαγγελματιών και η πορεία της κατά τη διάρκεια της τρέχουσας οικονομικής κρίσης ήταν άψογη.
el,el,TrueΗ Ιταλική Προεδρία θέλησε επίσης το ίδιο το Συμβούλιο των Υπουργών να εξετάσει τις εργασίες αναθεώρησης της Σύμβασης των Βρυξελλών για τη δικονομική αρμοδιότητα, την αναγνώριση και την εκτέλεση των αποφάσεων ξένων χωρών στον τομέα του ισχύοντος ακόμη και τώρα οικογενειακού δικαίου.
el,el,TrueΗ ιρλανδική κυβέρνηση έχει ήδη εκφράσει τα αισθήματά της για το θέμα αυτό και θα αναλάβει κατάλληλη δράση.
el,el,TrueΗ σημασία της Μακεδονίας είναι πολλαπλάσια της σχετικά μικρής έκτασης αυτού του βαλκανικού κρατιδίου, είναι η πρώτη φορά που κατορθώνει η Ευρωπαϊκή Ένωση μιλώντας με μία φωνή να πραγματοποιήσει σωστά στα Βαλκάνια, στη Μακεδονία, αυτό που ίσως θα έπρεπε να είχαμε κάνει εδώ και πάρα πολύ καιρό.
el,el,TrueΘα ήθελα η στρατηγική Ευρώπη 2020 να αποτελέσει έναν δεσμό μεταξύ της οικονομίας και της οικολογίας στην εφαρμογή του οποίου θα βοηθούσαν ακριβώς οι νέοι άνθρωποι, έτσι ώστε να γίνει μια ευκαιρία για τους νέους να προσφέρουν τη γνώση τους και να δημιουργήσουν το μέλλον της Ευρωπαϊκής Ένωσης.
el,el,TrueΘα δούμε πώς θα αντιδράσουν οι δεκαπέντε.
el,el,TrueΘεωρώ πολύ καλή ιδέα την πρόταση της κ. Lenz για τη δημιουργία ενιαίας δομής συντονισμού στην Επιτροπή για τα προγράμματα και τις ενέργειες στον τομέα των ανθρωπίνων δικαιωμάτων, των δικαιωμάτων των μειονοτήτων και του εκδημοκρατισμού.
el,el,TrueΚαι οι δύο πρέπει να αγωνιστούν για μεγαλύτερη αμοιβαία οικονομική ολοκλήρωση και η εταιρική τους σχέση πρέπει να είναι γάμος συμφέροντος και όχι γάμος από έρωτα.
el,el,TrueΚαταδεικνύει ότι απαιτείται βελτιωμένη νομοθεσία, αλλά και βελτιωμένη εποπτεία.
el,el,TrueΚύριε Πρόεδρε, διαπίστωσα στο Κοινοβούλιο κάποια δυσαρέσκεια για την ενημέρωση σχετικά με το πολύπλοκο και συγχρόνως πολιτικά ευαίσθητο θέμα.
el,el,TrueΚύριε Πρόεδρε, συμμερίζομαι την ανησυχία να μην πάρει η απάντηση στις τρομοκρατικές επιθέσεις τη μορφή σταυροφορίας κατά του Ισλάμ, αλλά με ορισμένες διευκρινίσεις.
el,el,TrueΜε τον καιρό, οι θέσεις εργασίας έχουν περάσει από τις αγγλικές κομητείες στην απένταντι όχθη της Μάγχης.
el,el,TrueΜόνο στον τομέα ανώτατης εκπαίδευσης στην Πορτογαλία ήταν η αναλογία ισόρροπη, με ποσοστό 53%.
el,el,TrueΟ συνάδελφος του Εργατικού Κόμματος, ο κ. Evans, προτείνει μια καλοδεχούμενη μεταρρύθμιση, προκειμένου να δοθεί η δυνατότητα σε όσους αισθάνονται πιο άνετα να χρησιμοποιούν τη μητρική τους γλώσσα, γλώσσα η οποία δεν ανήκει στις επίσημες γλώσσες της ΕΕ, όταν μας υποβάλλουν αναφορά.
el,el,TrueΟι στόχοι της OSPAR είναι γνωστοί.
el,el,TrueΠάντοτε έλεγα ότι τα κράτη μέλη πρέπει να εργαστούν προς την κατεύθυνση της ενσωμάτωσης των παιδιών στη γενική εκπαίδευση, όπου αυτό είναι δυνατόν, κατανοώντας όμως ταυτόχρονα ότι κάποια παιδιά ίσως να μην ευδοκιμήσουν σε αυτό το περιβάλλον, ιδιαίτερα αν δεν υπάρχει κατάλληλη υποστήριξη.
el,el,TrueΠιστεύουμε ότι η Επιτροπή είναι μάλλον λιγότερο ισχυρή σήμερα σε σχέση με πέντε χρόνια πριν.
el,el,TrueΠρέπει να αρχίσουμε να δείχνουμε κάποιον σεβασμό προς τις δυνάμεις της δημοκρατίας και πρέπει να αναγνωρίσουμε ότι δεν μπορείς να κάνεις ειρήνη αν δεν συνομιλήσεις με τον εχθρό σου.
el,el,TrueΠροστασία των ανηλίκων και της ανθρώπινης αξιοπρέπειας
el,el,TrueΠυρηνικά όπλα, χημικά όπλα και νάρκες ξηράς είναι μερικά από τα πιο εμφανή οπλικά συστήματα που και σε καιρό ειρήνης ακόμη επιφέρουν εκτεταμένες βλαβερές συνέπειες στο περιβάλλον.
el,el,TrueΣκεφτείτε ότι η Επιτροπή φτάνει στο σημείο να αναφέρει ότι οι χώρες που απήντησαν ότι δεν επιθυμούν να δεχθούν απόβλητα από τον πράσινο κατάλογο, δεν έχουν ίσως πλήρη επίγνωση της σημασίας της απόφασής τους για τους κλάδους του βιομηχανικού τους τομέα που μπορούν να χρησιμοποιήσουν απόβλητα από τον πράσινο κατάλογο για κατεργασία και περαιτέρω επεξεργασία.
el,el,TrueΣυγκεκριμένα, οι φυσικές καταστροφές προκαλούνται συχνά από την αλλαγή του κλίματος: οι πρόσφατες πλημμύρες στο Μεξικό αντικατοπτρίζουν την πραγματικότητα και την έκταση αυτής της ανησυχητικής τάσης.
el,el,TrueΤέλος, καταθέσαμε μία τροπολογία που εισάγει την αρχή της θετικής διάκρισης στον τομέα της Ε&Α για τις φτωχότερες περιφέρειες.
el,el,TrueΤα συνοπτικά πρακτικά της χθεσινής συνεδρίασης έχουν διανεμηθεί.
el,el,TrueΤο Κοινοβούλιο της Σκωτίας συμφώνησε να χορηγήσει 700 000 στερλίνες, ενώ η Εκτελεστική Αρχή της Βόρειας Ιρλανδίας προτίθετο να χορηγήσει 300 000 στερλίνες, συγκεντρώνοντας έτσι συνολικό ποσό 1 εκατομμυρίου στερλινών ως αρχική επιδότηση για την έναρξη και λειτουργία της υπηρεσίας.
el,el,TrueΤο να τον θυμόμαστε σημαίνει ότι συνεχίζουμε το έργο του.
el,el,TrueΤώρα δε μένει παρά να σας ζητήσουμε και να σας καλέσουμε να ακολουθήσετε αυτόν το δρόμο, κυρία Επίτροπε!
el,el,TrueΧάρη στο αποτέλεσμα αυτό ελευθερώνονται οι σιδηρόδρομοι για τη μεταφορά των εμπορευμάτων σε όλη την Ευρώπη.
el,el,TrueΩς προς το δικαιοστάσιο και τη Γενική Συνέλευση του Ο"Ε, το Κοινοβούλιο σας ζητεί το εξής, κύριε Προεδρεύων του Συμβουλίου, για τρίτη φορά το έτος που διανύουμε, και με τον πιο επίσημο τρόπο: πρέπει να καταβάλουμε κάθε δυνατή προσπάθεια, ώστε να επιτύχουμε την έγκριση ψηφίσματος από τη Γενική Συνέλευση του Ο"Ε, το ταχύτερο δυνατόν και πριν από το τέλος του έτους, για την εφαρμογή δικαιοστασίου και μιας στρατηγικής με σκοπό την κατάργηση της θανατικής ποινής.
el,el,TrueΩστόσο, υπάρχει κάτι που θέλω να πω.
el,el,TrueΕπιπλέον, η πολωνική κυβέρνηση μπορεί να ζητήσει υποστήριξη από το Ευρωπαϊκό Ταμείο Προσαρμογής στην Παγκοσμιοποίηση - κάτι που είναι πολύ πιθανό να έχει επιτυχία -Το μέγεθος της παρέμβασης αυτής θα εξαρτιόταν από το ποσό που θα ήταν έτοιμη να διαθέσει η πολωνική κυβέρνηση για συγχρηματοδότηση, καθώς το Ευρωπαϊκό Ταμείο Προσαρμογής στην Παγκοσμιοποίηση συγχρηματοδοτεί κατά μέγιστο βαθμό το 50% του κόστους.
en,en,TrueA sense of moderation will have to be observed when determining their pension benefits.
en,en,TrueAmendment No 8, in my view, is already covered by the existing Directive and merely repeats the provisions of Article 7.
en,en,TrueAs Member for Toulouse, I can tell you, how much, two years after the event, the tragedy of the explosion at the AZF factory remains extraordinarily present in the town, in the minds and often even in the flesh of the victims of the disaster.
en,en,TrueAs the international community finally woke up to Indonesia' s oppression, the idea that freedom was on its way grew in their minds.
en,en,TrueBefore I move on to the question of the approach agreed upon in the Council, I would like to remind everyone of the timely and effective work instigated by the Commission and given the support of the Member States' Standing Veterinary Committee to implement vital crisis measures imposed by the precautionary principle.
en,en,TrueBut the fishermen must be closely involved and above all the plan must be voluntary.
en,en,TrueEqually deplorably, the external frontiers convention has been ready for the last five years, but has not been introduced because of differences between the United Kingdom and Spain over Gibraltar.
en,en,TrueFirst of all, I am pleased to have heard the Danish Prime Minister defend the formula of qualified majority and codecision for Community legislation, and I hope that it is all our legislation that he has in mind.
en,en,TrueFor many Europeans, a hen's egg is a welcome part of their breakfast.
en,en,TrueHe was one of the main exponents of the conservative revolution in Germany and certainly, as pointed out by the international press today, an important author of European political thinking and twentieth century literature.
en,en,TrueHowever, this reduction should focus primarily on companies that are uncompetitive; unfortunately, the reality is often different.
en,en,TrueI am happy to say that the EU institutions and bodies have shown that in general, they are keen to resolve issues that I bring to their attention.
en,en,TrueI believe this only has to do with the e-commerce directive, so I hope the Commissioner will take another look at the issue.
en,en,TrueI have some critical questions relating to whether the present programme is capable of tackling this problem adequately.
en,en,TrueI think that this, in conjunction with recruitment of contractual agents, will allow us to achieve flexibility with the required degree of protection.
en,en,TrueI would like to finish by saying that we should not lose sight in all this of the fact that the responsibility for urban transport systems remains with the towns and cities of Europe.
en,en,TrueIf so, those developing countries must then authorise them themselves, but how can they do this if they ...
en,en,TrueIn fact, is there a future for this project or should we now be rethinking the whole initiative?
en,en,TrueIn some parts of the Union - and I am quite willing to cite the United Kingdom - we are not doing as well as we could.
en,en,TrueIndeed, in this instance the final settlement could threaten the very survival of both Boeing and Airbus.
en,en,TrueIt seems therefore to have escaped the attention of the author of this startling claim that the UK does have a frontier with the rest of the European continent.
en,en,TrueLadies and gentlemen, first of all, allow me to thank the person responsible for the report of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, Mr Jáuregui Atondo, for his cooperation.
en,en,TrueMany of us believe that the situation is already becoming extremely worrying.
en,en,TrueMr President, according to Article 129b, the trans-European networks must contribute to the strengthening of the Community's economic and social cohesion.
en,en,TrueMy report notes that the planned measures must not infringe the property rights of EU citizens.
en,en,TrueOn the one hand, we have heard, with regard to this directive, that if we do not come down on the side of patents in general, we will stifle innovation and make Europe less competitive.
en,en,TrueParagraph 19 refers to the 1994 inventory, not completed by 1996.
en,en,TrueSadly, ethnic and religious violence is not a novelty in India, but violence against Christians on the scale reported is new.
en,en,TrueSometimes this is the case in history; tragic events can set positive developments in motion.
en,en,TrueThat is why, amongst the amendments tabled, particular emphasis should be placed on research.
en,en,TrueThe EU common position reflects this need; it is a balanced document, detailing our criticisms, while engaging Government over its responsibilities and offering assistance to the people.
en,en,TrueThe abuse of new forms of employment must also be prevented, along with bogus self-employment and undeclared work.
en,en,TrueThe economy is booming, millions are lifted out of poverty.
en,en,TrueThe next item is the debate on six motions for resolution concerning the Philippines.
en,en,TrueThen, whatever active demand loses in public spending, it will gain from increased exports and we shall avoid tax increases.
en,en,TrueThere needs to be a reference to proportional liability, not joint and several liability, which would create a system based on mistrust.
en,en,TrueThis also goes for information on, for example, what projects where are receiving what support.
en,en,TrueThis is not only about the liberation of Aung San Suu Kyi, but also about the liberation of the Burmese people as a whole.
en,en,TrueThose are the priorities advocated by our political group and most of them can also be found in the European Pact on Immigration and Asylum, which needs to be implemented on the basis of concrete action.
en,en,TrueUnfortunately the EU is hell-bent on trade-block-to-trade-block negotiations, and for this reason I abstained.
en,en,TrueWe can only be credible if we too do our homework.
en,en,TrueWe in Europe are bound to follow the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child.
en,en,TrueWhat are we going to do next year?
en,en,TrueYesterday, according to the press, there was a meeting of the Advisory Committee in which - it is alleged - several Member States decided not to support the Commission's proposal for action: as a tax of about 12-15 % in particular was mentioned.
en,en,Truerestrict the sovereign rights of Member States,
en,en,TrueThere are plans to build a further six for distribution to countries that may request them and have already expressed an interest.
es,es,TrueA nivel europeo, se apoya la formación continuada de los profesores en estas tecnologías del futuro con el programa SOCRATES.
es,es,TrueAhora tenemos que priorizar la creación de empleo.
es,es,TrueAsimismo, me parece importante que haya mejor coordinación con las otras iniciativas comunitarias.
es,es,TrueComo coordinador del Partido Popular Europeo en la Comisión de Empleo y Asuntos Sociales estoy muy satisfecho con el compromiso alcanzado, por el que el Sr. Andersson se ha esforzado mucho.
es,es,TrueConstituye una equivocación y una crueldad considerar a los pobres inmigrantes como trabajadores ilegales carentes de derechos.
es,es,TrueDeberían poder transponer al mismo tiempo los objetivos de la directiva revisada y la fecha límite fijada en esta propuesta.
es,es,TrueDesearía en cambio aportar nuestro total apoyo a las propuestas del ponente relativas a la armonización de las sanciones.
es,es,TrueEl gran libro de historia sigue abierto con un montón de hojas en blanco.
es,es,TrueEl pasado mes de mayo, el Consejo aprobó la propuesta de iniciar una nueva etapa para alcanzar conjuntamente el 0,56 % en 2010, y el objetivo del 0,7 % del PNB en 2015.
es,es,TrueEn consecuencia, como se puede comprobar, la fuente del problema es, en definitiva, de carácter fiscal.
es,es,TrueEn este momento los Países Bajos tienen que hacer frente a los problemas sufridos por un Estado miembro que debe realizar, a título individual, exorbitantes inversiones a la hora de adquirir nuevos equipos para uso militar.
es,es,TrueEn mi opinión, tratar de conseguir mediante esa propuesta una acción coordinada, junto con un intercambio de información que permita la pronta identificación de posibles problemas, responde adecuadamente a las preocupaciones en cuanto a la necesidad de garantizar la seguridad aérea.
es,es,TrueEn tal caso convendría considerar en serio la posibilidad de que, en la Cumbre, las decisiones se tomaran entre catorce países, y hacer caso omiso del Reino Unido.
es,es,TrueEs necesario ampliarla, hacerla más flexible, que sea también posible proteger no solamente el camino por el que transita la ayuda humanitaria, sino también a los pesqueros y a los mercantes comunitarios.
es,es,TrueEse tipo de decisiones actuarán indudablemente como un catalizador para encontrar una solución al problema de Chipre.
es,es,TrueEstaba claro que la seguridad es la cuestión esencial.
es,es,TrueEsto es, conforme a la decisión presupuestaria del Parlamento de diciembre pasado.
es,es,TrueEvidentemente, mañana, antes de la votación, tanto el ponente como los servicios de la Presidencia apuntarán la necesaria rectificación para que todos los textos sean uniformes.
es,es,TrueHay que seguir haciendo hincapié en las medidas de seguridad pasiva.
es,es,TrueLa Comisión de Presupuestos y esta Asamblea han protestado ya repetidas veces enérgicamente en otros casos contra este proceder.
es,es,TrueLa Unión Europea ha asumido un papel principal colaborando con los países de los Balcanes Occidentales para consolidar la paz y la estabilidad en la región y promover el desarrollo económico y el respeto de los derechos humanos y el Estado de derecho.
es,es,TrueLa lucha contra la violencia es particularmente compleja. Supone la colaboración de la policía y la justicia, así como una posible modificación de la legislación, y la información y sensibilización, no sólo de la opinión pública, sino también de los servicios oficiales implicados.
es,es,TrueLe pido que retire sus falsedades y sus descalificaciones.
es,es,TrueLos diputados se han repartido el tiempo de los grupos para que todos tuvieran un minuto pero casi nadie ha hablado menos de un minuto y medio y, por lo tanto, no hay manera de responder positivamente, como todos desearíamos, a quienes quieren intervenir fuera del tiempo que corresponde a sus grupos correspondientes.
es,es,TrueMejorar el papel de los Parlamentos nacionales en la legalización de las decisiones europeas confirma el proceso pertinente y también dignifica el papel de los Estados nacionales como identificación cultural y jurídica de los pueblos en la excitante construcción de la Unión.
es,es,TrueNecesitamos una declaración política clara y esa es mi petición a todos los grupos que votarán mañana: que reconsideren hoy cuál es el camino correcto a seguir.
es,es,TrueNo voy a contestar a cada uno, sino en general.
es,es,TruePara mejorar los transportes de animales vivos, se deben cumplir los siguientes puntos:
es,es,TruePero, si hemos de prevenirnos contra todas estas inquietudes, contra los peligros que nos amenazan, no debemos olvidar lo principal, que es participar en la carrera.
es,es,TruePor último, aplaudo la propuesta de elaborar una base de datos europea de imágenes de pornografía infantil, con un enlace en tiempo real a informes del teléfono de información y asistencia permanente al servicio de la policía, de manera que ésta pueda tener a su alcance las mejores herramientas posibles para combatir esta conducta aberrante.
es,es,TrueQuiero dar las gracias al señor Potočnik y al señor Verheugen, de la Comisión, a los miembros de la Comisión de Industria, Investigación y Energía, y al señor Renzo Tomellini, jefe de la unidad de nanociencias y nanotecnologías.
es,es,TrueRusia está incluida en nuestra estrategia para la Dimensión Septentrional, pero también pretendemos presentar una estrategia para nuestros nuevos vecinos, puesto que con la inminente ampliación habrá una necesidad de considerar una estrategia global con respecto a los Estados del este que pasarán a ser vecinos de la Unión Europea tras la ampliación, esto es, Ucrania, Belarús y Moldova.
es,es,TrueSe trata, a pesar de todo, un objetivo social, que merece ser puesto claramente sobre la mesa.
es,es,TrueSeñor Comisario, personalmente considero bastante inquietantes las fuerzas que dentro de la Unión Europea intentan poner obstáculos en el camino de una futura adhesión de Turquía.
es,es,TrueSeñor Presidente, quisiera comenzar felicitando a nuestro colega el Sr. Medina Ortega y a la propia señora Comisaria por el trabajo de uno y otra, que realmente es excelente.
es,es,TrueSeñora Presidenta, me gustaría dar las gracias a Bill Miller por un trabajo muy exhaustivo y profundo.
es,es,TrueSi no actuásemos, bajo determinadas circunstancias se nos podría demandar ante el tribunal Europeo de Justicia por nuestra falta de actuación obligándosenos a ratificar Kioto.
es,es,TrueSin embargo, para lanzar la etiqueta ecológica, es preciso que se publicite con objeto de que, por fin, sea reconocida y valorada por los consumidores como un importante instrumento para contribuir a un mundo más verde y limpio, conceptos que están perfectamente en línea con una Unión Europea que ha adoptado una moneda común, que aspira a una ampliación y a una integración económica y política cada vez más amplia.
es,es,TrueTambién consideraremos la cuestión de los avances en el seno de la Unión Africana y de la Nueva Alianza para el Desarrollo de África. La formación de la Unión Africana y de la NEPAD es otra iniciativa importante.
es,es,TrueTeniendo esto presente y por lo que a mí me consta, al Parlamento se le ha facilitado la información relevante y correcta.
es,es,TrueUna política exterior común en el ámbito de la energía no se debería limitar al abastecimiento y la seguridad, sino que debería incluir dos cuestiones fundamentales: la emisión de gases de efecto invernadero y, en segundo lugar, la búsqueda de energías alternativas.
es,es,TrueY sin embargo la violencia contra las mujeres dista mucho de disminuir.
es,es,TrueSeñor Presidente, en los movimientos pacifistas de todo el mundo, las mujeres suelen llevar la iniciativa y están en mayoría.
et,et,True(Istung katkestati kell 12.45 ja see jätkus kell 15.00)
et,et,TrueAntud suuline kokkulepe pole kunagi kehtinud tegevosale; tõepoolest kokkuleppe sõlmimise ajal tegevusosa polnudki.
et,et,TrueAustatud juhataja! Mulle teeb muret, et komisjoni arvutused rahvusvahelise kliimarahastamise kohta on vaid silmapete.
et,et,TrueELi ja Ukraina ühendamine on pikk ja keerukas protsess.
et,et,TrueEnergia, vesi, metsad, jäätmed ja põllumajandustootmine erastatakse ning koondatakse väheste rahvusvaheliste ettevõtete kätesse - nüüd keskkonna nimel.
et,et,TrueEt vältida ebaseaduslikku tegevust, tuleb siirikelundite võtmist elusdoonoritelt käsitleda viimase võimalusena, kui puuduvad teised võimalused, nagu näiteks surmajärgne doonorlus.
et,et,TrueJust romid ise peavad kinni paljudest tavadest, mida on raske, kui mitte võimatu sobitada enamikus Euroopa riikides kehtivate peamiste reeglitega.
et,et,TrueKa viimastel on nüüd võimalus kujundada aegsasti oma seisukoht ning osaleda neid mõjutavate otsuste langetamises.
et,et,TrueKaubanduskomisjon on seisukohal, et mis tahes kokkuleppe oluliseks osaks peab olema säästva arengu peatükk, kaasa arvatud jätkusuutlikkuse mõjuhinnang.
et,et,TrueKomisjon on selle küsimuse kallal põhjalikku tööd teinud ja peatselt saame me esitada ombudsmanile vastava ettepaneku.
et,et,TrueKuid praegu on just õige aeg ja õige koht ning me peaksime kaitsma neid inimesi sõltumata oma erinevatest poliitilistest eelistustest.
et,et,TrueKäesolev resolutsiooni ettepanek, mida toetasin juba majandus- ja sotsiaalkomitees ning mille poolt hääletasin ka tänasel täiskogu istungil, saadab Euroopa Parlamendi poolt selge sõnumi.
et,et,TrueLiikmesriikidele antakse selge stiimul oma heitkoguste õiguslikest piiridest kinnipidamiseks, kuna piiride ületamine toob kaasa suuremaid kärpeid järgmise aasta kvootides.
et,et,TrueMa käsitlen kindlasti ka negatiivseid aspekte, kuid lubage mul alustada mõne positiivse aspektiga eelmistest aastatest.
et,et,TrueMa toetan mõtet aidata alles valitud parlamentidel tugevdada ja teostada õigusloometegevust nii suures kooskõlas kui võimalik kehtestatud demokraatlike standarditega.
et,et,TrueMe loodame, et te võite meile täna lubada, et te viite varsti läbi uurimise ebaseadusliku või seadusliku piirkondliku abi kohta, sest siin on tegemist kaaluka probleemiga: me tahame konkurentsi lennujaamade vahelist õiglast konkurentsi reisijate kasuks.
et,et,TrueMeie arutelu keskendub toidutoormele või toidu koostisosadele, ent ei hõlma lõpptoodete päritolu.
et,et,TrueMinu arvates saab nii ulatusliku kriisiga tegelda ainult Euroopa tasandil, mis peab viima Euroopa edasise integreerumiseni.
et,et,TrueMulle avaldas muljet lugupidamine, mida näitasite oma rahva vastu, tunnistades, et kui neile oleks antud võimalus, oleksid nad arvatavasti Iirimaa kombel samuti Lissaboni lepingu vastu hääletanud.
et,et,TrueNagu me teame, on 27% kalaliikidest väljasuremise äärel ja kui kalapüüki ei piirata, siis nad kaovad.
et,et,TrueNimetatud soovitused olid komisjoni 16. detsembril vastu võetud teatise teema.
et,et,TrueOlen kuulnud eri näiteid selle kohta, mis praegu juhtumas on, näiteks olulises veeküsimuses.
et,et,TruePaljud teist võivad isegi saada igapäevaseid e-kirju.
et,et,TruePeame tegelema ELi kodanike andmete kaitsmisega ning sellega, kas ja kuidas neid andmeid teistele edastatakse, sest see on oluline.
et,et,TrueRaudteetransport saab tegelikult muutuda konkurentsivõimeliseks, - võrreldes just maanteeliiklusega -, kui ta tõuseb Euroopa tasandile, ning see sõltub põhiliselt rongide võimest ületada piire.
et,et,TrueSamas ei tohi me seetõttu kaotada silmist teist tähtsat probleemi, sest neil turgudel valitseb nüüd uus olukord, mis on seotud nii toiduainete kui energiaga.
et,et,TrueSeda tehakse kohe, nii et hoian teid järgmiste minutite jooksul asjaga kursis.
et,et,TrueSee mõjutab suuresti Briti põllumajandust ning praeguse tsükli struktuurifondide programme.
et,et,TrueSee võib tähendada näiteks eakate potentsiaali kasutamist ning uute kaasamise vormide leidmist, millel on suurem paindlikkus kestuse ja osalemise suhtes.
et,et,TrueSeetõttu kiidan kolleeg Văleani raporti heaks ning pean seda tähtsaks sammuks Euroopa ühtse energiapoliitika loomise suunas.
et,et,TrueSelle olukorra ümberpööramine ja aruka sotsiaalse turumajanduse väljatöötamine, kus EL on ülemaailmne juht kõikides majanduselu valdkondades, saab mõõdupuuks, mille alusel me uut komisjoni hindame.
et,et,TrueSeoses kasvuhoonegaaside heitega on atmosfäär juba küllastatud CO2ga ja edasise heite mõju on väike.
et,et,TrueSiiski, ma usun, et meil on hea materjal, mille põhjalt kokkulepe saavutada, sest kõik raportöörid töötavad väga tihedalt koos.
et,et,TrueTeine tähtis tegur on minu arvates põlvkondade- ja kultuuridevaheline solidaarsus.
et,et,TrueUsun kindlalt, et selline kooskõlastatud rahvusvaheline koostöö võimaldab kõikide jõe teele jäävate riikide ühismeetmete abil Doonau ökosüsteeme tõhusamalt kaitsta.
et,et,TrueViis aastat tagasi tõin ma selle probleemi toonase voliniku Louis Micheli ette ja ütlesin, et meil on vaja sellist meedet nagu see.
et,et,Trueeesistuja. - (SL) Euroopa Liit peaks tegema otsustava panuse Euroopa heade tavade vahetamisele, võttes arvesse, et just liikmesriigid vastutavad asjakohaste ja jätkusuutlike perepoliitikate kujundamise eest.
et,et,Truekirjalikult. - (PT) Äärepoolseimatel piirkondadel on iseärasusi, mida tuleb arvestada Euroopa kasvu ja arengu edendamise meetmete juures.
et,et,TrueOn enesestmõistetav, et on vägagi meie huvides selles suhtes meetmeid rakendada.
fi,fi,True- (EN) Arvoisa puhemies, haluan sanoa olevani varsin pitkälle samaa mieltä kollegani tohtori Charles Tannockin kanssa.
fi,fi,TrueAion puhua lyhyesti ja käsitellä vain muutamia seikkoja, joista yksi on kysymys siitä, miten aiomme tulevaisuudessa menetellä niin kutsuttujen yhteisöaloitteiden kanssa.
fi,fi,TrueArvoisa puhemies, haluan käyttää työjärjestyspuheenvuoron. Ensinnäkin kuten Schulz varmasti tietää, koska hän pitää ryhmämme julkisia ja yksityisiä keskusteluja niin eloisina, me olemme jo saaneet yhden hänen ryhmänsä jäsenistä, Balfen, liittymään ryhmäämme.
fi,fi,TrueArvoisa puhemies, sallittehan, että puhun teidän kielellänne ensinnäkin onnitellakseni teitä ja toivottaakseni teille kovasti onnea ja toiseksi vakuuttaakseni teille Euroopan sosiaalidemokraattisen puolueen ryhmän yhteistyöhalua ja ystävyyttä.
fi,fi,TrueEU:n koheesio- ja aluepolitiikka vuoden 2013 jälkeen (äänestys)
fi,fi,TrueEn tarkoita, että meidän olisi hyväksyttävä kaikki asiat.
fi,fi,TrueEsitevaatimus raukeaa tarjousajan päätyttyä tai vaihdon käynnistyttyä sen mukaan, kumpi tapahtuu myöhemmin.
fi,fi,TrueFlorenz on tehnyt kiitettävää työtä, ja minun on onniteltava häntä, koska hän on onnistunut laatimaan sellaiset direktiiviehdotukset, joissa on löydetty tasapaino kuluttajien, ympäristön ja alan yritysten etujen välillä, joita on kuitenkin hyvin vaikea yhdistää.
fi,fi,TrueHaluan korostaa sopimusta uusiutuvia energiavaroja koskevasta direktiivistä sekä äskettäistä sopimusta kahdesta hyvin tärkeästä direktiivistä, nimittäin rakennusten energiatehokkuutta sekä energiamerkintöjä koskevista direktiiveistä.
fi,fi,TrueHyvät kollegat, siksi pyydän teitä antamaan tukenne Bernd Langen esittämille tarkistuksille, joita Euroopan sosialistidemokraattisen puolueen ryhmä aikoo kannattaa, sillä niissä todellakin otetaan huomioon olemassa olevat etunäkökohdat taloudellinen etu ja ympäristövelvoitteet ja samalla annetaan jäsenvaltioiden päättää vapaasti näiden velvoitteiden toteuttamistavasta, sillä näillä tarkistuksilla pyritään siihen, että tällä hetkellä jäsenvaltioissa vallitsevat järjestelmät ja jotkin niistä toimivat aivan mainiosti voisivat toimia jatkossakin.
fi,fi,TrueItse asiassa pääministeri Verhofstadt ei tarjoa kansalaisille osallistumismahdollisuutta, ennen kuin hän voi olla varma siitä, että hän on oikeassa eikä häviämisen mahdollisuutta ole.
fi,fi,TrueJos sanktiot oli tarkoitettu suistamaan Saddam Hussein paikaltaan, ei tätä ole vieläkään kymmenen vuoden kuluttua saavutettu.
fi,fi,TrueJäsen van Velzen saa erittäin yksityiskohtaisen vastauksen kysymyksiin annettavissa vastauksissa.
fi,fi,TrueKolme tärkeintä, joita haluan korostaa, ovat jäsenvaltioiden soveltuvuuksien arvioiminen, työntekijöille annettavat tiedot riskeistä ja aineiden vaarallisuudesta sekä ehkäisyja suojelutoimenpiteisiin liittyvä koulutus.
fi,fi,TrueKun otetaan huomioon 2 lukuun kuuluvien lentokoneiden täydellinen kieltäminen 1. huhtikuuta 2002 lähtien ja näiden lentokoneiden aiheuttamat vakavat meluhaitat, sääntöjä ei pidä missään tapauksessa lieventää.
fi,fi,TrueKyse on päivänpolttavasta ja arkaluonteisesta poliittisesta aiheesta, jota pitää käsitellä varovasti mutta eittämättömän lujasti.
fi,fi,TrueLisäksi tarkistukset, jotka eivät salli veden siirtoa yhdestä vesipiiristä toiseen, tuomitsevat monet maani alueet vesipulaan.
fi,fi,TrueMaanne, arvoisa presidentti, on arvostellut Euroopan maista tätä asiaa kaikkein voimakkaimmin.
fi,fi,TrueMeidän on siten oltava hyvin tarkkoja näiden aineiden kanssa. Myös torjunta-aineiden määrällisen käytön vähentäminen on hyvä ajatus, toisin sanoen vähennetään niiden kokonaisvaltaista käyttöä, koska siten voidaan luonnollisesti vähentää myös niiden sisältämien ja ympäristöömme ja ruokaamme päätyvien aineiden käyttöä.
fi,fi,TrueMielestäni on väistämätöntä, että jollekin tietylle liikenteen alalle myönnetty tuki vaikuttaa suhteisiin kaikkien muiden alojen kanssa.
fi,fi,TrueNiissä viitataan ennen kaikkea yhteiskunnalliseen, kulttuuriseen ja demokraattiseen merkitykseen ja niihin taajuusylijäämän tarjoamiin uusiin mahdollisuuksiin, joita meidän pitäisi tarjota Euroopan kansalaisille.
fi,fi,TrueOlemme myös tyytyväisiä siihen, että Egypti tukee Euroopan unionin tuntuvampaa osallistumista Lähi-idän rauhanprosessiin.
fi,fi,TrueOn mahdotonta tarkastella naisten oikeuksia ilman, että tunnustettaisiin naisten erityislaatuisuus.
fi,fi,TrueOsa ehdotuksista on sinänsä kiitettäviä, mutta painottaa voimakkaasti näkemystään, jonka mukaan mietinnössä käsitellyt politiikan alat kuuluvat yksinomaan jäsenvaltioiden toimivaltaan.
fi,fi,TruePelkään että on liiankin käytännöllistä vain asettaa useita esteitä, kun se on välttämätöntä, sillä kaikki ovat sitä mieltä, että varat on kulutettava.
fi,fi,TruePääasiallinen syy olisi kuitenkin se, ettei hiilidioksidin käyttöön perustuvaa tekniikkaa ole vielä tutkittu riittävästi, jotta siihen voitaisiin sitoutua peruuttamattomasti. Siksi Euroopan parlamentin sosialidemokraattinen ryhmä tukee esittelijää tässä erityiskysymyksessä.
fi,fi,TrueSamassa yhteydessä ja myöhemminkin puhuin teille asiasta, jonka toistan aina uudestaan, että minä kuten komissiokin olemme sitoutuneet jatkamaan taistelua.
fi,fi,TrueSeuraava askel otettiin vasta 1991, jolloin komissio esitti ympäristövaikutusten arvioinnista direktiiviehdotuksen, joka koski myös politiikan aloja, suunnitelmia ja ohjelmia.
fi,fi,TrueSiten ei vain vähennettäisi mainittujen kolikoiden nikkelipitoisuutta, vaan ennen kaikkea nikkelin vapautumista kolikoiden käytössä.
fi,fi,TrueTaloudellinen todellisuus on siis otettava voimakkaammin huomioon ja muutettava poliittisiksi mietteiksi.
fi,fi,TrueTiedämme, miten kovaa kilpailu on etenkin tieliikennealalla, ja pidimme näitä sääntelytoimia siksi erittäin tärkeinä.
fi,fi,TrueToiseksi, miten saatte ne jäsenvaltiot vakuuttuneiksi, jotka vastustavat Euroopan syyttäjäviranomaisen käsitettä? Sitä vastustaa esimerkiksi minun maani, jota mielestäni on johdettu harhaan tämän kysymyksen osalta?
fi,fi,TrueTällä väliintulolla hän halusi varmasti ennemminkin lisätä omaa valtaansa kuin edistää demokratiaa.
fi,fi,TrueTämä on oikein hyvä mietintö, ja me kannatamme sitä sydämestämme. On harmi, että erityisesti varoitusmerkki on mielestäni joka tapauksessa vielä melko epäselvä.
fi,fi,TrueTämän päivän asetus osoittaa, että tarvitaan rohkeaa ja päättäväistä toimintaa, jotta voidaan parantaa tehokkuutta ja osoittaa, että EU:n varoja voidaan osoittaa joustavasti, tehokkaasti ja tuloksellisesti.
fi,fi,TrueTästä ovat erityisesti todisteena reilu kauppa ja kuluttajien toiminta ympäristöystävällisten pakkausmerkintöjen tai tuotannon parempien sosiaalisten olosuhteiden puolesta.
fi,fi,TrueUseimmiten tämän työnarvioinnin suorittavat työmarkkinaosapuolet käyttäen mahdollisesti perustana neuvontatoimiston laatimaa järjestelmää.
fi,fi,TrueVastaanotetut asiakirjat: ks. pöytäkirja
fi,fi,TrueArvoisa puhemies, meitä kehotetaan jatkuvasti kuuntelemaan kansalaisia, ja niin teki myös Kreikan presidentti tänä aamuna.
fi,fi,TrueArvoisa puhemies, olen pettynyt komission jäsenen McCreevyn vastaukseen.
fr,fr,TrueC'est la raison pour laquelle je voudrais demander au groupe socialiste au Parlement européen et au groupe des Verts/Alliance libre européenne de réfléchir aux commentaires qui ont été faits et de prendre conscient du fait que, du point de vue de la Commission, la sécurité routière est, et demeure, une priorité, mais que cette législation ne couvre pas ce secteur et vise surtout à mieux réglementer le temps de travail, en particulier celui des transporteurs routiers, et à assimiler les "faux indépendants" à des "employés" car, en réalité, ce ne sont pas des travailleurs indépendants, mais des employés de facto.
fr,fr,TrueCar il faut à tout prix éviter que plus de 26 produits, allant de la valériane au chocolat en passant par l'arôme de liqueur contenus dans le tabac - un cigaretier l'a d'ailleurs reconnu dans la presse espagnole il y a quelques jours -, dont on ne sait pas s'ils créent également une dépendance, ne soient pas indiqués sur l'étiquetage.
fr,fr,TrueCela dit, nous sommes en désaccord, comme vous savez, sur la nécessité de modifier ou non l'article 90.
fr,fr,TrueC’est une véritable réussite, emmenée par les conservateurs britanniques.
fr,fr,TrueDans une large mesure, nous atteindrons cet objectif en recommandant aux États membres de développer des plans et des stratégies concernant les maladies rares et de créer des réseaux européens de référence.
fr,fr,TrueElle englobe indubitablement le droit de recevoir des informations auprès de multiples sources pluralistes.
fr,fr,TrueEn fait, à part générer la terreur, les terroristes visent également à saper la démocratie.
fr,fr,TrueEn vertu de l'accord de Cotonou, ces pays doivent dégager un accord avec l'Union européenne concernant le respect de l'État de droit, des droits de l'homme et des principes démocratiques.
fr,fr,TrueEurope : voilà un message très fort pour lequel nous sommes véritablement mobilisés et que nous aimons entendre.
fr,fr,TrueIl est indispensable que soient réalisées des études fiables permettant d'analyser quatre scénarios de risques: pendant la construction du gazoduc, pendant son exploitation normale, dans des situations critiques (catastrophe), et lors du démantèlement du gazoduc au terme de sa durée d'exploitation ou en cas de résolution du contrat d'approvisionnement.
fr,fr,TrueIl faut, pour ce faire, une réforme de la PAC actuelle.
fr,fr,TrueIl serait également bon que nous placions clairement la responsabilité auprès du producteur.
fr,fr,TrueJ'ai soutenu sans réserve ce rapport qui, en outre, a incorporé certaines contributions pertinentes du rapporteur pour avis, M. Mussa (du groupe UEN), notamment en ce qui concerne : la reconnaissance du rôle fondamental du personnel de santé, la proposition de financement communautaire de certains projets de formation ainsi que la question des mauvais traitements infligés aux personnes âgées.
fr,fr,TrueJe crois aussi qu'il serait important d'en parler au sein de la conférence des présidents.
fr,fr,TrueJe souhaite donc que les retraités hongrois envoient l'un de leur représentant au Parlement européen afin que nous puissions défendre mieux et avec plus de force les intérêts des personnes âgées de toute l'Europe.
fr,fr,TrueJe tiens moi aussi à remercier la présidence danoise du Conseil pour avoir - en concentrant son énergie sur les questions de l'élargissement - mené ces négociations à un résultat manifestement positif, en collaboration avec la Commission.
fr,fr,TrueJe voudrais souligner que, pour ce qui a trait à la possibilité d'une meilleure surveillance des services financiers au niveau de l'Union européenne, notre attention devrait se concentrer sur les groupes financiers dans leur ensemble.
fr,fr,TrueL'aspect du contenu suscite de nombreuses inquiétudes, j'y reviendrai dans quelques instants.
fr,fr,TrueLa Commission actuelle a la ferme conviction que l’Europe est suffisamment forte pour affronter les défis de la concurrence mondiale.
fr,fr,TrueLa future proposition se fondera sur des études complémentaires prenant en compte les performances techniques et la faisabilité économique de dispositifs de réduction des émissions plus efficaces.
fr,fr,TrueLes travaux se poursuivent en rapport avec la révision, mais la Commission n'est pas en mesure d'indiquer la nature des changements à apporter aux procédures dont décidera le Conseil de sécurité des Nations unies.
fr,fr,TrueMalgré tout, je voudrais dire au nom de mon groupe que les avantages l’emportent sur les frais supplémentaires, car les suspects doivent bénéficier d’une protection efficace où qu’ils soient.
fr,fr,TrueNous avons pris au sérieux les demandes d'assistance formulées par les États membres et nous avons déployé des efforts et des moyens inouïs afin de les soutenir dans leurs travaux.
fr,fr,TrueNous devons être très clairs là-dessus et j'engage donc encore une fois ceux qui ne l'ont pas encore fait à reconsidérer leur vote sur cet amendement.
fr,fr,TrueNous, les députés non-inscrits, n'obtenons pas les informations nécessaires à temps et ne pouvons donc prendre une part active aux décisions sur les rapports et autres questions de ce genre.
fr,fr,TruePourquoi, par exemple, la présidence irlandaise cherche-t-elle soudain, dans ses dernières propositions, à supprimer le pouvoir de codécision du Parlement en ce qui concerne les Fonds structurels?
fr,fr,TrueSelon moi, aucune politique ne devrait avoir plus de poids que la protection des droits de l'homme.
fr,fr,TrueSimultanément, plusieurs initiatives ont été prises pour renforcer le système de contrôle et rechercher d'éventuelles sources d'importations illégales.
fr,fr,TrueTout en votant ceux des amendements qui dénoncent telle ou telle des conséquences de cette course au profit, nous n'avons pas voté cette résolution commune qui ne contient, même en matière d'aides, que des promesses velléitaires mais pas d'engagements concrets et dont la raison d'être est de couvrir d'une morale de dame patronnesse la réalité d'une société dominée par le profit capitaliste et ceux qui en sont les uniques bénéficiaires.
fr,fr,TrueÀ ce stade, effectuons une autopsie et, quelle que soit la crise que subit l'Europe actuellement - nous ne savons pas à quel point elle est grave, comment elle va se terminer ou quelles en seront les conséquences - examinons-là en détail et mettons des solutions en place.
fr,fr,TrueEnfin, je tiens à souligner que la responsabilité de l' application de la Convention appartient surtout aux États membres et que c' est là un domaine où on est strictement confiné à l' application du principe de subsidiarité.
hu,hu,True(NL) Elnök úr! Nagyszerű, hogy a Parlament e Ház minden tagja számára egyenlő hozzáférést kínál a nyelvi eszközökhöz.
hu,hu,True1972-ben az ország történetének egyik legfiatalabb szenátoraként került be először az Egyesült Államok Szenátusába.
hu,hu,TrueA Bizottság most tette közzé szociális napirendjét, de ha a Tanács nem kötelezi el magát bizonyos konkrét témák mellett - és Ön egy kézzel fogható Európáról szólt - akkor aligha kerülnek kielégítésre az oltalmi igények. Olyan témákra gondolok, mint az európai munkabizottságok jogkörének megerősítése, az ideiglenesen foglalkoztatottak védelme, a munkások kiküldetésével foglalkozó irányelv megerősítése, stb. - és még azt is hozzá kell fűznöm, hogy - létezik a társadalmi érdekekkel összefüggő közszolgáltatások és szociális szolgáltatások védelméről szóló irányelv is.
hu,hu,TrueA bezúzási tervek csökkentik a szén-dioxid-kibocsátást, erősítik az utak biztonságát, megakadályozzák a munkanélküliséget az autóiparban, amely 12 millió foglalkoztatott és sok ezer, más szektorban működő cég számára jelent megélhetést.
hu,hu,TrueA humán biztonság olyan valami, amit én személyesen nagyon szeretek, mert elő kell mozdítani: a nélkülözés nélküli élet és a félelem nélküli élet mint a kül- és biztonságpolitika terméke.
hu,hu,TrueA légiközlekedési ágazat károsan hat a környezetre, különösen a zaj és az éghajlatváltozást okozó anyagok kibocsátása miatt.
hu,hu,TrueA nemzetközi szabványosítás egyértelműen határokon átnyúló tőkepiacok kialakulásához vezet, és ezért a stabilitás érdekében az ellenőrző csoportnak prevenciós intézkedéseket is végre kellene hajtania a ciklikus trendek ellen, és segítenie kell a rendszerkockázatok megelőzésében.
hu,hu,TrueA tengeren alapuló iparágaink és szolgáltatásaink, valamint e tengerparti régiók egyéb tevékenységei GDP-nk 40%-át teszi ki.
hu,hu,TrueA válság külső költségeitől szenved, ami alatt azt értem, hogy a közúti fuvarozók részéről jelentékeny nyomás és jelentékeny aggodalom tapasztalható.
hu,hu,TrueAmennyiben Írország végrehajtaná ezt az intézkedést, az lehetővé tenné az Írországban lakó uniós polgárok számára, hogy bíróságainkon lényegesen eltérő és kevésbé súlyos indokok alapján érjék el a házasság felbontását, mint amilyeneket az alkotmányunk előír (azaz a felek 4 éves különélését) a házasságfelbontással kapcsolatos 1995. évi népszavazás alapján.
hu,hu,TrueAmit most fontosnak tartunk, hogy a kárral foglalkozzunk és megpróbáljuk kitalálni, hogy mit tudunk tenni európai szinten, egy fontos dolgot szem előtt tartva: európai szinten az állami költségvetés egy százalékáért vagyunk felelősek.
hu,hu,TrueAz Európai Néppárt (Kereszténydemokraták) és az Európai Demokraták Képviselőcsoportja tagjai nevében és a PPE-DE képviselőcsoporton belül ismételten le szeretném szögezni, mennyire jelentős ez a Szerződés az európai dinamizmus felélesztése szempontjából.
hu,hu,TrueAz egyik ilyen probléma, amelyet a Fehér könyv is érint, a sportemberek, és különösen a fiatalok oktatása, annak megelőzésére, hogy előálljon a jelzett eset, amikor pályafutásuk már véget ért, de megfelelő, hosszú távú jövőjük bizonytalan marad. Hasonlóan fontos az emberkereskedelem, vagy a sportolókkal való kereskedelem kockázatának kezelése.
hu,hu,TrueAz európai politikának következetesen az európaiak érdekeit kell előtérbe helyeznie.
hu,hu,TrueAz éghajlat és energia jelenti korunk társadalmai számára a legnagyobb kihívást.
hu,hu,TrueAzt is ki kell hangsúlyozni, hogy a szeptember 12-én benyújtott szerkezetátalakítási tervek - és én a lengyel kormány terveiről beszélek - körülbelül 40%-os leépítést írnak elő.
hu,hu,TrueBárki, aki az iráni vezetést támogatandó szavaz a Szocialisták és a Zöldek által benyújtott, az állásfoglalás hangnemét kiegyensúlyozni próbáló módosításokra, az vagy rosszhiszeműen érvel, vagy egyszerűen elfogytak az érvei.
hu,hu,TrueE körülmények fényében az európai pártok és a hozzájuk kapcsolódó alapítványok nem valószínű, hogy fellendítik az EU-fóriát a polgárok körében, de ha sikerül javítaniuk a vitát európai szinten, és a polgárokkal folytatott kommunikációt, és képviselni is tudják az érdekeiket, akkor legalább elértünk valamit.
hu,hu,TrueEgyes érintett felek vonatkozásában pénzügyi, jogi és kereskedelmi következmények is jelentkeznek, míg a gyógyszerhiány negatív hatással lehet a vidéki közösségekre és a mezőgazdaságra általában.
hu,hu,TrueElnyomóinak, akiket felebarátainak tekint, azt mondta, hogy nem gyűlöli őket, de azt is, hogy félelemkeltéssel nem fogják tudni ráerőltetni az akaratukat.
hu,hu,TrueElégedett vagyok azzal, hogy két, számomra személy szerint igen fontos kérdés belekerült a jogi aktusba: a származási ország elve és a gyermekek védelme a reklámüzenetekkel kapcsolatban.
hu,hu,TrueEnnek megfelelően az Európai Uniónak is azon kell munkálkodnia, hogy tovább csiszolja saját belső klímavédelmi szabályozását.
hu,hu,TrueEz a jelentés a szélsőséges erőszakkal és a sok-sok nő halálával foglalkozik a közép-amerikai országok és Mexikó vonatkozásában.
hu,hu,TrueEz csak akkor lehet sikeres, ha előbb a különböző területeken összehangolt megközelítést fogadunk el.
hu,hu,TrueEz parlamenti képviselőnként 2,3 millió eurót jelent évente, 200 000 eurót havonta, és egy döbbenetes, napi 6400 eurós összeget minden egyes képviselő után, márpedig a Parlament 736 képviselőből áll.
hu,hu,TrueEzenkívül céljai között szerepel az elsőbbségi listán és a kiemelten veszélyes anyagok listáján nem szereplő anyagok jelenlétéről és hatásáról elérhető információk nyomon követése és értékelése.
hu,hu,TrueEzért arra kérem Önt, hogy tekintsen az EU-n kívülre, és ezt a szempontot is építse be a az Európa 2020 stratégiába, mivel egyedül ez menthet meg bennünket.
hu,hu,TrueFelhívom az Európai Csalás Elleni Hivatalt, de különösen a Parlament vezetését és a parlamenti képviselőcsoportokat, hogy tisztázzák a helyzetet e kérdésben.
hu,hu,TrueHa a Bizottságban és a tagállamokban úgy érvelnek, hogy először végrehajtjuk a költségvetések gyors konszolidációját, és majd utána foglalkozunk a gazdasággal és a foglalkoztatással, nagyon elszámítják magukat.
hu,hu,TrueHarmadszor és végül, most egy teljes egészében a Közösség által finanszírozott programunk van.
hu,hu,TrueIly módon Európa - és itt be is fejezem, elnök asszony - olyan szabványokat vezethetne be, amelyeket végül nemzetközi szabványként is lehetne alkalmazni.
hu,hu,TrueKijev arra alapozta fellépését, hogy a hagyományos nyugat- és kelet-európai orosz ellenesség révén maga mellé állítja az EU legtöbb országát.
hu,hu,TrueKözben pedig hadd gratuláljak Önnek kinevezéséhez; és sok szerencsét.
hu,hu,TrueMaximálisan egyetértek egyébként azzal, amit a szén-dioxid-piacról és annak hozzájárulásáról mond.
hu,hu,TrueMindazonáltal a védjegyek, és különösen a szerzői jogok védelmére hozott túlzott intézkedések okozta fenyegetéssel is szembe kell nézniük.
hu,hu,TrueMivel a bank fő célkitűzése annak biztosítása, hogy az infláció ne haladja meg a 2%-ot és az EU tagállamok költségvetési hiánya ne haladja meg a GDP 3%-át, érthető, hogy a pozitív növekedés időszakában nincs is semmi probléma; a munkanélküliség mintegy "magától csökken”, a bankok likviditása mintegy "magától rendelkezésre áll” - és az EKB képes "nyomást gyakorolni” a tagállamok kormányaira adósságaik csökkentésére.
hu,hu,TrueNagyon remélem, hogy a Tanács és természetesen az elnökség figyelembe fogja venni ezeket az észrevételeket.
hu,hu,TrueNem sikerült rávenni a Tanácsot és Bizottságot arra, hogy mennyiségi hulladékképződés megelőzési célokat is beillesszen ebbe az irányelvbe, részben azért, mert az ehhez szükséges adatok nem állnak rendelkezésre, de a Parlament - módosításain keresztül - megadta a kellő lökést ahhoz, hogy elképzelhetővé vált, hogy a jövőbeni politikák már tartalmazzanak ilyen mennyiségi hulladékképződés-megelőzési célokat.
hu,hu,TrueOptimális megoldást kell találnunk. Meg kell találni az egyensúlyt a különböző szabályok és a közös követelmények között.
hu,hu,TrueSok esetben, de főként a 12 újonnan csatlakozott tagországban, az egészségügyi ellátó rendszereknek teljes átalakításra van szükségünk. Ennek során figyelmet kell fordítani a kórház-szerkezet javítására, a felszerelések korszerűsítésére és az egészségügyi személyzet naprakész képzésére.
hu,hu,TrueSzeretném hangsúlyozni, hogy ez egyértelműen az egymást követő szlovák kormányok munkájának, valamint a szlovák nép egyetértésének és akaratának az eredménye.
hu,hu,TrueTeljes körű nyomozást kértünk Anna Politkovskaja meggyilkolása és Magomed Jevlojev letartóztatását követő halála ügyében.
hu,hu,TrueTudom, elnök úr, elnök urak, hogy egységes csapatként kell a 27-ek Európájának érdekében fellépnünk, és remélem, hogy hat hónap múlva mindenki elmondhatja majd, hogy "Európa haladást ért el, az Önök részvételének és támogatásának köszönhetően”!
hu,hu,TrueUgyanezen szellemet akartuk a földközi-tengeri térséggel összefüggésben is kialakítani ebben a jelentésben.
hu,hu,TrueVégül egy kérdés Diyarbakir polgármesterével, Baydemir úrral kapcsolatban, akit a török hatóságok megakadályoztak abban, hogy eljöjjön ebbe a Parlamentbe: tiltakozni fognak Törökországnál emiatt?
hu,hu,Truea GUE/NGL képviselőcsoport nevében. - (PT) Először is szeretném kifejezni, hogy teljes mértékben támogatom a Reul úr által feltett kérdést, és különösen azt a részt szeretném kiemelni, hogy az alapvető kérdés - az alapvető politikai kérdés - pontosan a kutatások közös programozásának függvénye.
hu,hu,TrueÁm ennek ellenére sem lehetséges, hogy árucikkeket még sokáig szállítsunk több ezer kilométeren át a Föld körül, míg szinte azonos cikkek az ellentétes irányba utaznak, ha nem gondoskodunk arról, hogy ennek a teljes költségét állja valaki.
hu,hu,TrueÍgy remélhetőleg sikeresek lesznek azok az erőfeszítések, melyek szerint a tartalomnak és nem a folyamatnak kell elsődleges fontoságot tulajdonítani.
hu,hu,TrueÚgy vélem, hogy ezt a közös fellépést úgy kell koordinálnunk, hogy az újjáépítés középtávon és hosszú távon is fenntartható maradjon, és valóban Haiti népe legyen a fejlesztések fő haszonélvezője.
hu,hu,TrueTudomásul vesszük a szankciórendszerekről szóló javaslatokkal kapcsolatos konzultációra és információcserére vonatkozó kérelmüket.
it,it,TrueAllora, perché non utilizziamo questa Carta per creare nuove istituzioni e strumenti aperti anche al contributo dei cittadini?
it,it,TrueBisogna poi puntare su una ricerca verso motori aeronautici più efficienti, una gestione del traffico aereo più efficace.
it,it,TrueCom' è noto, la Comunità europea ha messo a disposizione un totale di 378 milioni di euro solo per la provincia del Kosovo, cui vanno aggiunti i contributi di carattere nazionale dei diversi Stati membri.
it,it,TrueCon questa direttiva si vuole istituzionalizzare un’orrenda discriminazione nei confronti della stragrande maggioranza dei cittadini, costituita da persone oneste e pacifiche, che noi dovremmo invece difendere da questo tipo di abusi.
it,it,TrueCredo, in questo anno che è passato, di aver cercato al massimo di tenere informato, in modo formale ma anche informale, il Parlamento, e in particolare la commissione per la pesca, di tutte le tappe fondamentali di questo accordo.
it,it,TrueE' lo stesso argomento presentato da altri e, come ho detto, non posso che essere d'accordo.
it,it,TrueEgli si è occupato di materie legislative non facili, spesso si è trovato a combattere nel mezzo della tempesta, ma posso dire, signor Vicepresidente, che per lei il gruppo ALDE è sempre stato un eccellente ombrello che lei ha usato in questo genere di situazioni.
it,it,TrueFinché verranno proposte loro soluzioni dogmatiche preconfezionate, non si sentiranno coinvolti nella discussione, si rinchiuderanno in loro stessi e si trincereranno dietro le loro convinzioni.
it,it,TrueI raggi ultravioletti nocivi del sole costituiscono un pericolo per le persone e devono naturalmente comparire nella direttiva.
it,it,TrueIl funzionamento efficiente del mercato interno costituisce un prerequisito, se desideriamo garantire adeguatamente i diritti conferiti dal trattato per quanto riguarda la libertà di circolazione di persone, servizi, merci e capitali all'interno della Comunità.
it,it,TrueIn merito all'emendamento n. 8, comunico che prima di rinnovare qualsiasi protocollo viene attuata una valutazione delle risorse ittiche; inoltre, entrambe le parti possono chiedere che venga convocata una riunione del comitato comune per adeguare il protocollo in vigore qualora si registrino problemi a livello degli stock ittici.
it,it,TrueIn secondo luogo, è vero che il miglioramento della situazione dovrebbe consentirci di considerare prioritaria la spesa pubblica di investimento.
it,it,TrueL'Europa si è pianta addosso negli ultimi tre anni in un modo terribile: o noi abbiamo fiducia in noi stessi, o queste cose non le facciamo, perché non è una questione solo di soldi: è una questione di crederci.
it,it,TrueLa Commissione europea si è impegnata a presentarci una proposta.
it,it,TrueLa contropartita finanziaria corrisponde pertanto pro quota per un anno all' importo definito nel protocollo precedente.
it,it,TrueLa struttura della relazione che questo Parlamento ha approvato sulla tratta degli esseri umani deve essere ripresa in tutta la sua globalità, anche se deve essere calibrata, studiata sul problema specifico del bambino.
it,it,TrueMa oggi noi ci occupiamo della Corte dei conti, quindi dobbiamo per forza guardare le cifre.
it,it,TrueNaturalmente ha ragione, Ministro Clarke. Naturalmente è vero che i cittadini d’Europa considerano l’Unione europea assolutamente competente a trattare questioni quali la lotta contro la criminalità, il terrorismo, il traffico di droga e la tratta di esseri umani.
it,it,TrueNella quasi totalità di tali casi sono coinvolti uomini che vivono o che hanno vissuto con la vittima della violenza.
it,it,TrueNon favoriremo un ulteriore smantellamento dei diritti fondamentali, anche se motivato dalla presunta necessità di combattere la criminalità organizzata. Concordiamo pertanto con la proposta dell' onorevole Lehne e voteremo a favore degli emendamenti.
it,it,TrueOnorevole Wiersma, non me la prendo perché oggi lei è intervenuto per ben tre volte sul tema dei diritti dell' uomo, anzi: il Parlamento ha bisogno di deputati che si occupino di questi argomenti; la invito però a non superare nuovamente del 100 percento il tempo di parola a lei concesso!
it,it,TruePer alcuni imprenditori è conveniente operare laddove l'autorità pubblica è scarsa o addirittura assente, poiché così non incontrano ostacoli nello svolgimento delle loro attività lucrative che possono comportare pericoli per i loro dipendenti, per terze persone o per l'ambiente.
it,it,TruePer questa ragione, signor Presidente, credo che la domanda fondamentale sia se abbiamo la forza sufficiente per cambiare questo orientamento economico, che minaccia il modello sociale e la coesione sociale e territoriale.
it,it,TrueQuanto detto va accompagnato dal pieno rispetto dei diritti umani, dei principi democratici e dello stato di diritto.
it,it,TrueQuesti campi, onorevoli colleghi, sono vere e proprie prigioni all’aria aperta.
it,it,TrueRitengo che ci sia stato un fruttuoso scambio di vedute, accompagnato da notazioni e consigli pratici su cui riflettere.
it,it,TrueSebbene spetti agli Stati membri organizzare l'istruzione, abbiamo bisogno di obiettivi e misure pratici a livello europeo.
it,it,TrueSiamo dunque costretti ad adeguare le nostre attività economiche alla capacità di sopportazione del nostro pianeta.
it,it,TrueSignor Presidente, onorevoli colleghi, nel trattare la relazione Musotto vogliamo certamente esprimere la nostra preoccupazione per il futuro della coesione politica della nostra Unione, in quanto è risaputo che, per colmare il divario tra i ricchi e i poveri e per far sentire tutti parte della costruzione europea, è necessario l' avvicinamento tra i loro potenziali economici e sociali.
it,it,TrueSono rimasta delusa quando la Commissione ha affermato di non poter offrire alcuna garanzia in relazione alla possibilità di convogliare le risorse risparmiate nella PAC verso il secondo pilastro.
it,it,TrueSullo sfondo di questi presupposti il gruppo PPE, oltre a sostenere vivamente Europol, sostiene altresì il rafforzamento di Eurodac.
it,it,TrueTengo in altissima considerazione le opinioni dell'Assemblea, e faccio del mio meglio per fornirvi informazioni con chiarezza e tempestività.
it,it,TrueTutti gli aspetti negativi che circondano le Istituzioni in questo periodo di certo non facilitano il nostro compito di promuovere la causa europea.
it,it,TrueVorrei appellarmi alla Commissione e agli Stati membri affinché obblighino i membri attuali e i membri futuri, nonché i paesi che ricevono aiuti finanziari dall' Unione europea, a firmare il Trattato.
it,it,TrueVorrei sapere di quale base giuridica si è avvalso per consultare gli Stati membri.
it,it,TrueÈ vero che le donne e i bambini sono più spesso vittime di questi conflitti, ma le donne devono avere le stesse possibilità e devono essere garantite loro pari opportunità, anche per metterle in grado di battersi, partecipare attivamente alla vita sociale e politica, gestire e stabilizzare la società.
lt,lt,True(IT) Pone pirmininke, ponai ir ponios, pasiūlymu dėl miesto autobusų ir tolimojo susisiekimo autobusų keleivių teisių siekiama padėti keleiviams ir juos apsaugoti, ypač kalbant apie neįgaliuosius ir riboto judumo asmenis.
lt,lt,True- (NL) Gerb. pirmininke, gerai, kad daug iniciatyvų buvo priimta skirti tinkamą paminėjimą totalitarinių sistemų aukoms.
lt,lt,TrueAntrojo svarstymo metu Parlamentas pateikesminių patobulinimų.
lt,lt,TrueAteityje tikrai dar susidursime su kritinėmis situacijomis, taigi dabartinkrizsuteikia mums galimybę ruoštis ir joms.
lt,lt,TrueAš taip pat pritariu, kad struktūrinių fondų valdymo klausimas būtų įtrauktas į tekstą. Valstybėms narėms reikia priminti, kad jeigu jos nori pasinaudoti 2007-2013 m. finansine programa, jos privalo pritaikyti savo teisės aktus, kad jie atitiktų Europos teisę - visų pirma aplinkos apsaugos atžvilgiu - taip, kad jie tiktų skatinti ekonominį ir socialinį vystymąsi regioniniu lygmeniu.
lt,lt,TrueBe to, sudarytos geros galimybės spręsti rytinių Europos Sąjungos sienų, taip pat Juodosios jūros baseino regiono problemas, nes numatyti asignavimai parengiamiesiems veiksmams, skirtiems Juodosios jūros baseino aplinkos stebėsenai ir bendrajai Europos pagrindų programai, skirtai Juodosios jūros regiono vystymuisi.
lt,lt,TrueBuvo išsakytos įvairios Parlamento narių nuomonės, bet man pasirodė, kad bendrais bruožais jos vedta pačia kryptimi kaip Lisabonos strategijos dokumentai.
lt,lt,TrueDabar neabejojama, kad valdžia pateko į grupuočių, siekiančių ne tik konfliktuoti su Jungtinėmis Valstijomis ir Izraeliu, kurios yra itin konservatyvios, netolerantiškos ir nedemokratiškos, rankas.
lt,lt,TrueDeklaracijos raštu (Darbo tvarkos taisyklių 142 straipsnis)
lt,lt,TrueDėl šio pasiūlymo Parlamento narius ir pranešėją galiu patikinti, kad Komisija labai atsidavusi šiam darbui; mes darome viską, kas tik įmanoma, kad reglamentas būtų įgyvendintas.
lt,lt,TrueEuropa labai sėkmingai dirba aplinkosaugos srityje, tačiau mažai kas žino apie Europos vaidmenį.
lt,lt,TrueFinansavimo klausimas yra sudėtingesnis.
lt,lt,TrueGamtinių nelaimių atveju iš mūsų buvo paprašyta sumokėti mažiau negu 4 % padėti atitaisyti Jungtinės Karalystės nuostoliams dėl potvynių 2007 m. birželio mėn., kurių bendra suma sudar4 mlrd.
lt,lt,TrueIš pranešimo aišku, kad praėjusiais metais ombudsmenas aktyviai ir subalansuotai vykdsavo pareigas.
lt,lt,TrueJei tas žmogus rašo: "kas ne su mumis, tas - prieš mus", ar tai kurstymas?
lt,lt,TrueJuo numatomos įvairios sistemos ir skirtingos ekonominės priemonės, tokios kaip apmokestinimas, vartotojų teisės ir prekyba emisijų teisėmis.
lt,lt,TrueKai kurie žmonės tvirtina, kad kaliniai buvo kankinti.
lt,lt,TrueKaip visi žinome, neįmanoma visai tokio paties metodo taikyti visoms transporto rūšims.
lt,lt,TrueKito posėdžio darbotvarkė: žr. protokolą
lt,lt,TrueKomisijos narys O. Rehn taip pat sakė, kad 2009 m. Balkanams galėtų būti lemiamieji metai.
lt,lt,TrueLaikinas principo "naudok arba prarasi" sustabdymas vasaros sezonu bus naudingas visoms įmonėms, Europos ar užsienio, nesant jokios diskriminacijos, kaip pažymėjo IATA ir daugelis ne Europos įmonių.
lt,lt,TrueManau, kad toks požiūris yra pamatuotas.
lt,lt,TrueMes iš tikrųjų bandėme nušviesti šį klausimą, kuris, žinoma, yra sritis, kurioje ES leidžia sau dirbti: rengti konferencijas, atlikti tyrimus, nustatyti darbo grafikus, užtikrinančius, kad visur būtų pasiekta pažanga, taip pat užtikrinant būsimų Tarybai pirmininkaujančių valstybių dalyvavimą.
lt,lt,TrueMums būtina tą padaryti ir todėl, kad Komisaras Almunia pats pripažino, kad padėtis su valiutos keitimo kursu, naftos kainomis ir dėl substandartinių paskolų atsiradusios krizės poveikis ES ekonomikai neigiamai atsilieps prognozuojamam ES ekonominiam augimui.
lt,lt,TrueNors ir leidžiame sau šiandien pasidžiaugti sėkme, vis dėlto, turime pripažinti, kad tikrasis euro erdvės sanglaudos ir dermės išbandymas dar priešakyje.
lt,lt,TrueNėščioms kalinėms ypač reikalingos specializuotos priemonės ir dėmesys dietos, mankštos, drabužių, vaistų ir specializuoto personalo medicininės priežiūros atžvilgiu.
lt,lt,TruePakalbėkite geriau apie susiskaidymą, vykstantį Europos socialinės politikos srityje.
lt,lt,TruePeržiūra yra numatyta 2008 m., bet, atsižvelgiant į kritiką dėl dviejų leidžiančių nukrypti nuostatų, manau, kad bus nepaprastai sudėtinga jas dar daugiau išplėsti.
lt,lt,TruePone pirmininke, pirmiausia norėčiau padėkoti Komisijai ir savo kolegoms iš Aplinkos, visuomenės sveikatos ir maisto saugos komiteto ir Pramonės, mokslinių tyrimų ir energetikos komiteto už įtemptas ir įdomias diskusijas apie branduolinių atliekų tvarkymą.
lt,lt,TruePriešingai, šie žemės plotai yra Arkties valstybių teritorijoje, kurioje gyvena keturi milijonai žmonių, iš kurių trečdalis - vietiniai gyventojai.
lt,lt,TrueRezoliucija, kurią Europos Parlamento kairiųjų vardu pasiūlEuropos vieningųjų jungtinių kairiųjų frakcija/Šiaurės šalių žalieji kairieji, parengta ta pačia dvasia.
lt,lt,TrueStabilizuoti kainoms nepakaks nei atidėtos žemės, nei pūdymo.
lt,lt,TrueTai nėra techninės diskusijos.
lt,lt,TrueTaigi ir mes turime spartinti savo sprendimus ir užtikrinti, kad jie būtų patenkinami.
lt,lt,TrueTaip pat nėra jokių įrodymų, kad jis gali būti efektyvus kaip tabako kontrolės ar rūkymo kontrolės priemonė.
lt,lt,TrueTačiau Komisijos Mobilumo ir transporto generalinis direktoratas mus patikino, kad šis klausimas bus išspręstas.
lt,lt,TrueTačiau šių derybų atskaitos taškas bus tekstas, kurį pateikėme kartu su kolegomis Žaliųjų frakcijos / Europos laisvojo aljanso frakcijos nariais.
lt,lt,TrueTodėl Parlamentas, kartu su Komisija ir Taryba, šiuo požiūriu raginami priimti sprendimą dėl supaprastintų procedūrų.
lt,lt,TrueTodėl turima traktorių direktyva galėtų ir turėtų būti pakeista ne tokiu sudėtingu reglamentu.
lt,lt,TrueTuos, kuriems jos labiausiai reikia, kuriems kilę sveikatos ir pirmalaikės mirties pavojų, sveikatos priežiūros paslaugos pasiekia labai sunkiai - arba iš viso nepasiekia.
lt,lt,TrueVisi mes - gaidžiukai, kurie pasipūtę gąsdina airius ir čekus.
lt,lt,Trueraštu. - (FR) 1981 m. spalio 13 d. Prancūzijos nacionalinės asamblėjos rūmuose socialistas EP narys André Laignel paskelbsavo garsų atsikirtimą EP opozicijos nariams pareikšdamas, kad vyriausybės reikalaujama nacionalizacija neatitinka Konstitucijos.
lt,lt,TrueĮmonių automobiliams suteikiamos privilegijos, oro transportas neapmokestinamas kuro mokesčiais, turime dar daug ką pakeisti.
lt,lt,TrueŠie klausimai buvo išsamiai aptariami dialogo dėl kovos su terorizmu ir tarptautinės teisės metu.
lt,lt,TrueŠiuo atžvilgiu finansiniai Europos sąjungos priemonės demokratijos ir žmogaus teisių užtikrinimui ištekliai galėtų būti panaudoti paremti visas šiuo metu susiklosčiusios situacijos aukas.
lt,lt,TrueŠį impulsą reikia nedelsiant paversti kapitalu.
lt,lt,TrueNorėčiau pabrėžti vieną pakeitimą, kuris įsigaliotų per 2009 m. rinkimus ir kuris atitinka vieną iš protingiausių Ispanijos vyriausybės atliktų studijų, kuri buvo išsiųsta Parlamentui ir Tarybai.
lv,lv,True(NL) Priekšsēdētāja kungs! Kura pēc skaita šī reize būs, kad cilvēktiesību stāvoklis Zimbabvē šeit parādījies mūsu darba kārtībā kā jautājums, kas jāizskata steidzamās debatēs?
lv,lv,True: nozares izmeklēšana banku mazumtirdzniecības pakalpojumu jomā - Zaļā grāmata par finanšu pakalpojumu mazumtirdzniecību vienotajā tirgū (debates)
lv,lv,TrueAtbilstīgi Eiropas Savienības nolīgumi par atpakaļuzņemšanu un kopēja Eiropas Savienības imigrantu pamattiesību aizsardzība ir nepieciešama.
lv,lv,TrueBūtu jāuzsver šo valstu centieni nodrošināt mieru, stabilitāti un novērst konfliktus reģionā, kā arī stiprināt labas kaimiņvalstu attiecības.
lv,lv,TrueDažādās saskaņas panākšanas pieredzes, kas tika apspriestas uzklausīšanas laikā, parādīja, cik sarežģīts ir šis uzdevums, un parādīja arī to, ka ir pamats optimismam.
lv,lv,TrueEiropai ir jāizveido pilsoņu sociālā darba kārtība.
lv,lv,TrueEs arī par to baiļojos.
lv,lv,TrueEs esmu pārsteigts, kad mani kolēģi deputāti saka, ka viņi nesaprot, kāpēc ES vajadzētu dot naudu.
lv,lv,TrueEs pilnībā piekrītu destilācijas atcelšanai, un tas ir pozitīvākais reformā, bet vēlreiz atkārtoju, ka šo naudu saņems tie, kas līdz šim ir ražojuši vīnu destilācijai.
lv,lv,TrueEs uzskatu, ka mums Eiropā nākotnei ir nepieciešama drosme, lai varam turpināt darboties tikpat sekmīgi un veiksmīgi noturēt eiro citās pasaules lielākajās valstīs - ASV, Āzijā un citās pasaules lielvarās.
lv,lv,TrueEs īpaši atzinīgi vērtēju pieeju, kas paredz atbilstoša minimālā ienākuma sistēmu kā būtisku priekšnoteikumu cienīgai dzīvei.
lv,lv,TrueIrānas delegācija ir iesaistījusies dialogā ar valdības pārstāvjiem un pilsonisko sabiedrību un bija veikusi sagatavošanās darbus, lai mēneša sākumā dotos uz Irānu, bet diemžēl apmeklējums pēdējā brīdī tika atcelts.
lv,lv,TrueJa šis divpusējais nolīgums darbosies, tad labumu no tā gūs abas puses.
lv,lv,TrueJūs nebūsiet pārsteigti, uzzinot, ka es uzskatu to nelaimi, ka tādā fundamentālā jautājumā kā šis ar Eiropas Parlamentu tikai "jāapspriežas”, bet mans noteikts iespaids ir tāds, ka prezidentūra pakļaujas jebkuriem priekšlikumiem vai ierosinājumiem, kurus Eiropas Parlaments varētu izvirzīt.
lv,lv,TrueKomisijas locekle. - Priekšsēdētāja kungs, es vēlos pateikties Ekonomikas un monetārajai komitejai un tās priekšsēdētājai Pervenche Berès par šīm debatēm.
lv,lv,TrueKravas automobiļu radītā CO2 emisija veido gandrīz ceturtdaļu no autotransporta emisijas, un, kaut gan automobiļi pakāpeniski kļūst efektīvāki, kravas automobiļu degvielas efektivitāte iepriekšējos 15 gados nav uzlabojusies.
lv,lv,TrueLabākajā gadījumā tie tiks aicināti finansēt Gazas joslas atjaunošanu, kā tie šobrīd to dara Kosovā, Libānā un Afganistānā.
lv,lv,TrueMan būtu īsi jāpiebilst - dienesti ir mani informējuši, ka tie ir ātri izskatījuši pēdējo gadu protokolus.
lv,lv,TrueMums būtu jāuzsver, ka līdz šim nereti tieši trešās valstis, kuras ir nabadzīgākas nekā mēs, ir sniegušas savu ieguldījumu bēgļu izmitināšanā.
lv,lv,TrueMēs Parlamentā par ziloņiem nedomājam tā, kā to dara afrikāņi.
lv,lv,TrueMēs nesen balsojām par Euro 5 un Euro 6: tīrākas pasažieru automašīnas no 2009. gada un vēl tīrākas automašīnas no 2014. gada.
lv,lv,TrueMēs visi zinām - un esmu to teikusi jau iepriekš - ka tā bija cena, ko maksājam, lai panāktu vienprātīgu vienošanos, un domāju, mēs visi zinām, ka nekas nav pilnīgs - pilnīgs nav pat jaunais Reformu līgums.
lv,lv,TrueNepietiek tikai ar drošības noteikumiem uz papīra; tie ir jāievēro un ir jāuzrauga to ievērošana praksē.
lv,lv,TrueNozīmīgs Eiropas stratēģijas aspekts cīņā ar teroristiskām organizācijām ir transatlantiskā sadarbība.
lv,lv,TruePapildus tam mēs ļautu patērētājiem atvērt kontus citās valstīs.
lv,lv,TruePat ja šī persona teiks "nē”, tā netieši atzīs, ka kādreiz ir iepļaukājusi savus bērnus.
lv,lv,TruePiemērs: direktīva par novēlotiem maksājumiem un mikrouzņēmumu atbrīvošana no grāmatvedības sloga.
lv,lv,TruePriekšsēdētāja kungs! L. Aylward kungam ir pilnīga taisnība.
lv,lv,TrueProtams, iespējamais neto ekonomikas ieguvums no PVN likmju samazināšanas ir atkarīgs ne vien no attiecīgās nozares raksturīgajām iezīmēm, bet arī konkrētās ekonomiskās vides attiecīgajās dalībvalstīs.
lv,lv,TrueRespektējot valsts kompetenci šajā lietā, es tiešām uzskatu, ka Eiropas Savienībai steidzami jānodrošina šo tiesību aktu pilnīga ieviešana, pirmkārt un galvenokārt pastiprinot Veselības un darba drošības aģentūras pārbaužu pasākumus un, lai palielinātu koordināciju starp dažādām dalībvalstu aģentūrām, uzlabojot Eiropas Vecāko darba inspektoru komitejas darbu.
lv,lv,TrueSkolām jābūt atbildīgām par skolas maltīšu kvalitatīvu un barības vielu satura kontroli un augsta tauku satura, augsta sāls satura vai augsta cukura satura produktu pārdošanas aizliegšanu bāros un pārdošanas automātos.
lv,lv,TrueTas attiecas uz skaidrojumu manam balsojumam par Weber kunga ziņojumu par interaktīvās ciparu televīzijas pakalpojumiem.
lv,lv,TrueTas nozīmē dalīšanos ar resursiem un problēmām.
lv,lv,TrueTaču šis ir īstermiņa pasākums, kas neatrisinās izzūdošo darbavietu problēmu.
lv,lv,TrueTomēr es neatbalstu šajā dokumentā lietoto internacionālistisko pamatojumu - it īpaši, kad iedomājos par pilnīgo sakāvi, ko cietusi Lisabonas stratēģija.
lv,lv,TrueTomēr nabadzības līmenis vēl arvien ir ārkārtīgi augsts, un starp maznodrošinātajiem iedzīvotājiem tas pastāvīgās sociālās polarizācijas, kā arī reģiona politiskās un institucionālās mazspējas dēļ pat paaugstinās.
lv,lv,TrueTurpmākais darbs pēc ziņojuma par konkurenci profesionālo pakalpojumu jomā (balsojums)
lv,lv,TrueTādēļ zināmās valstīs rodas neiecietība, kā to, piemēram, varēja vērot pie Notre Dame, kur baznīcēniem uzbruka anti-katolicisma aktīvisti.
lv,lv,TrueTāpēc, runājot par lietisko internetu, mums jāatceras, cik liels izaicinājums tas ir Eiropas Komisijai - rūpēties, lai atšķirības attiecībā uz digitālās programmas pieejamību nekļūtu vēl nopietnākas.
lv,lv,TrueVai no eiropiešiem tagad prasīs aiz bailēm no sankcijām vai lielākiem nodokļiem pirkt ,,tīras” automašīnas, kas aprīkotas ar dārgām drošības tehnoloģijām, kamēr realitāte tādā valstī kā Francija ir tāda, ka uz ceļa esošo automašīnu lielais vidējais vecums (astoņi gadi) liecina par cilvēku finansiālajām grūtībām un mazu pirktspēju?
lv,lv,TrueViens no šādiem priekšlikumiem ir saglabāt saistīto atbalstu aitām un kazām.
lv,lv,TrueViņi sapratīs, cik svarīgi ir būt ne tikai kādas valsts pilsoņiem, bet arī ES pilsoņiem.
lv,lv,TrueZviedrijas konservatīvās partijas pārstāvji ir pozitīvi noskaņoti attiecībā uz lielāko daļu jautājumu, kas ietverti ziņojumā par sociālās realitātes analīzi.
lv,lv,TrueĀrkārtīgi nelielam daudzumam šķirņu, kas ir apstiprinātas citās valstīs, nevajadzētu radīt tik nesaprātīgas sekas, īpaši tad, kad Eiropas lauksaimniecība jebkurā gadījumā saskaras ar globālo konkurenci.
lv,lv,TrueŠajā kontekstā, mēs izmantosim iespēju plašākā kontekstā apspriest visu piena un piena produktu nozari.
lv,lv,TrueŠādos gadījumos - un mums šajā sakarībā jābūt godīgiem - mēs sastopamies ar problēmu, ka slimnīcām ir jāizmaksā lielas naudas summas kompensācijās.
lv,lv,TrueLai programma varētu sasniegt tai paredzēto mērķi, proti, pasargāt no slimībām, kas rodas no pārēšanās, nepietiekamas barības vai diabēta pieaugušo vecumā, bērni pirmām kārtām jāizglīto un jāmudina ēst barību, kurai ir paaugstināta uzturvērtība.
nl,nl,TrueAls ik mij verzet tegen bepaalde amendementen dan is het alleen maar omdat zij dreigen de samenhang van de resolutie te schaden.
nl,nl,TrueBij deze uitbreiding worden niet eenvoudigweg stukken grondgebied aan de Europese Unie vastgeplakt, maar worden hele samenlevingen opgenomen die onder invloed van de Unie diepgaande wijzigingen zullen ondergaan.
nl,nl,TrueDaarna zou de Commissie besluiten of zij de verbintenis van de industrie zou aanvaarden, dan wel wetgeving zou voorstellen.
nl,nl,TrueDat kan moeilijk anders, want wie een algemene visie heeft op de economische groei in de Gemeenschap kan niet voorbij aan het belang van de groei van de kleine en middelgrote bedrijven.
nl,nl,TrueDe Commissie kan derhalve slechts instemmen met dit voorstel mits wordt opgehelderd hoe de daardoor ontstane kosten worden gefinancierd.
nl,nl,TrueDe Unie is er zich van bewust dat er voor de uitvoering van het actieplan voor Marokko een partnerschap met de Marokkaanse autoriteiten nodig is, en dat er dus met deze autoriteiten moet worden samengewerkt.
nl,nl,TrueDe ervaring met de half miljoen Bosnische ontheemden had een les moeten zijn voor de Europese Unie.
nl,nl,TrueDe keuze die u, staatshoofden en regeringsleiders, maakt zullen bepalend zijn voor het Europa dat u voor de toekomst wenst.
nl,nl,TrueDe zaak is onderzocht en blijkbaar is een versie rondgedeeld zoals u die hebt beschreven.
nl,nl,TrueDit sluit aan bij de uitwisseling en het Europees Jaar van de interculturele dialoog 2008, zaken die niet beperkt mogen blijven tot de vergadertafel, maar ook naar de praktijk moeten worden vertaald.
nl,nl,TrueElk land moet de maatregelen nemen die het best passen in de bestrijding van de grieppandemie.
nl,nl,TrueEr werd toen hoegenaamd geen verband gelegd tussen de monetaire unie en de bijdragen uit het Cohesiefonds en ik zie geen enkele reden daar nu verandering in te brengen.
nl,nl,TrueHet Europees Jeugd Pact, dat vorig jaar is vastgesteld, is een van de speciale instrumenten voor integratie en biedt antwoorden voor de jeugd van Europa, voor jongeren in de verschillende landen die met veel problemen kampen of die in een kwetsbare positie verkeren.
nl,nl,TrueHet gaat erom Europa klaar te maken voor de globale concurrentie en ervoor te zorgen dat ook in Europa financiële diensten langs deze weg worden aangeboden.
nl,nl,TrueHet is in een democratisch land nog nooit gebeurd dat de president van het land zich verkiesbaar stelde bij de parlementaire verkiezingen, zoals het ook ongehoord is dat de leider van de radicale beweging "Nashi” voorgedragen is als minister van jeugdzaken en dat er is geweigerd om een afvaardiging te ontvangen van de Subcommissie mensenrechten van het Europees Parlement.
nl,nl,TrueHet onderwerp is echter niet alleen technisch van aard.
nl,nl,TrueHet verheugt mij dat een groot deel van het Parlement het hiermee eens is, en ik wil de heer Laschet danken voor zijn verslag.
nl,nl,TrueHoewel Moldavië in het begin van de tweede wereldoorlog hetzelfde lot onderging, kon dat land het positieve lot van de drie Baltische landen na de koude oorlog niet delen.
nl,nl,TrueIk ben namelijk bang dat onze terechte doelstelling ons blikveld vernauwt en ons doet geloven dat er maar één juiste, verstandige en zaligmakende weg is. Ik refereer daarbij natuurlijk aan de doelstelling dat wij moeten bezuinigen op het energiegebruik en tegelijkertijd aanvullende en ook hernieuwbare energiebronnen moeten aanboren.
nl,nl,TrueIk heb goed kunnen samenwerken met het directoraat-generaal Mededinging, dat het beleid inzake overheidssteun zeer zorgvuldig ten uitvoer legt en tot mijn voldoening openstaat voor de dialoog.
nl,nl,TrueIk noem nog enkele belangrijke regionale uitdagingen.
nl,nl,TrueIk zou premier Blair, de fungerend voorzitter van de Raad, graag willen oproepen om snel met een oplossing te komen voor dit probleem.
nl,nl,TrueIn de commissie milieu draaide het debat voornamelijk rond de principes van de leden over alternatieve geneeskunde, vooral dan rond die van de tegenstanders van elke vorm van niet-conventionele geneeskundige behandeling.
nl,nl,TrueIs dat zinvol voor het zeer gering aantal gevallen waarin - als de richtlijn eenmaal van kracht is - de vergoedingen niet volstaan?
nl,nl,TrueMaar volgens een deskundige van het technisch comité voor producten voor kleine kinderen en speelgoedveiligheid van het Poolse Normalisatiecomité (PKN) verlopen de snelle uitwisseling van informatie tussen de lidstaten en de Europese Commissie over producten die gevaar opleveren en de stappen die worden ondernomen in bepaalde landen om te voorkomen dat deze in de handel komen of hier beperkingen aan te stellen, helaas nog altijd niet naar tevredenheid.
nl,nl,TrueMijnheer de Voorzitter, het gebruik van doping vormt een aanwijzing voor een omslag in de normen en waarden binnen onze samenleving waarin het doel steeds vaker de middelen heiligt.
nl,nl,TrueMijnheer de Voorzitter, vervolgens een kritische opmerking bij het budget voor het zesde kaderprogramma onderzoek en ontwikkeling: financiering van onderzoek uit de EU-begroting brengt ethische dilemma's met zich mee zoals onderzoek op embryo's.
nl,nl,TrueNiet om de lijst in te korten, maar om haar nog een beetje uit te breiden. De Commissie legt ons negen voorstellen voor, hetzij om nieuwe additieven toe te voegen, hetzij om nieuwe toepassingen van eerder toegestane additieven toe te staan.
nl,nl,TrueOndanks deze binnenkort noodzakelijke aanpassingen moeten we nu al zorgen dat de verkoop op afstand van financiële diensten zich in een gunstig klimaat kan ontwikkelen, zowel voor de leverancier als de consument.
nl,nl,TrueOp deze manier wordt ook een bijdrage geleverd aan de strijd tegen de informele economie, doordat oneerlijke concurrentie van bedrijven die salarissen betalen die onder het minimum liggen, wordt verhinderd.
nl,nl,TrueStaat u me toe op te merken dat u een bijna unieke prestatie geleverd hebt: u bent uitgebreid ingegaan op alle punten zonder uw spreektijd noemenswaardig te overschrijden.
nl,nl,TrueTot slot heb nog één opmerking, namelijk over het verslag-Hendrick met betrekking tot de verzameling van statistische informatie.
nl,nl,TrueUw daden onderstrepen het pleidooi voor een voltijdse voorzitter van de Raad.
nl,nl,TrueVoorkomen en beslechten van geschillen inzake rechtsmacht bij strafprocedures (
nl,nl,TrueWat heeft de Commissie hierop te zeggen?
nl,nl,TrueWe hebben gehoord dat u tijdens de Europese Raad hebt gezegd dat het Parlement akkoord gaat met stemming over de voorzitter van de Commissie op 15 juli en stemming over de andere commissarissen na de definitieve goedkeuring van het Verdrag van Lissabon.
nl,nl,TrueWij kunnen niet langer zwijgen over deze misdaden, over de dringende steun aan de burgerbevolking, over het zenden van een internationale beschermingsmacht en de vernietiging van door de Europese Unie gefinancierde infrastructuur.
nl,nl,TrueWij willen dat er Europese ondersteuning komt van fundamenteel en experimenteel kankeronderzoek dat zich richt op kwesties die verband houden met een veel effectievere diagnose in een eerder stadium want dat is uiteindelijk de basis van het overleven van patiënten.
nl,nl,TrueZe komen overal voor. Ze proberen zich te verbergen, maar lok ze uit hun schuilplaats en houd de consumenten tevreden.
nl,nl,TrueZouden we dat wel doen, dan was onze delegatie niets anders dan nietszeggend verkiezingstoerisme.
nl,nl,Trueschriftelijk. - (SV) Wij hebben gestemd tegen het verslag over wijziging van de regeling welke van toepassing is op de medewerkers van Europese Parlementsleden.
nl,nl,TrueÓndanks al die ontoereikende vooruitgang is er in dit Parlement nog steeds een meerderheid die vóór toetreding is.
pl,pl,True(PL) Panie przewodniczący! Chciałbym wyrazić zadowolenie, że mogłem głosować za przedłużeniem działania rozporządzenia w zakresie części zamiennych do samochodów, w zakresie dostępu zarówno do części certyfikowanych, jak i niecertyfikowanych przez użytkowników samochodów.
pl,pl,TrueAni Madryt, ani Ottawa, ani Tbilisi nie będą spuszczać bomb na ludzi ani ich mordować.
pl,pl,TrueChcę podkreślić, że bardzo ważne jest, aby dzięki tej infrastrukturze tworzone były powiązania między instytutami i organizacjami badawczymi, uniwersytetami, środowiskiem akademickim i sektorem prywatnym oraz żeby wyniki badań przynosiły korzyści sektorowi przemysłowemu.
pl,pl,TrueCzy Szwecja jako państwo przewodniczące Radzie zamierza dołożyć starań, aby dokonanie oceny tej strategii nastąpiło jak najszybciej i jeżeli tak, kiedy nastąpi ta ocena?
pl,pl,TrueDlatego w dalszej części debaty wysłuchamy wystąpień w imieniu grup politycznych.
pl,pl,TrueDrugim punktem, na który chciałbym zwrócić uwagę, jest to, że naszą główną troską jest zapewnienie dzieciom zdrowych owoców i zaoferowanie im całego asortymentu zdrowych produktów, bez dodatku cukru.
pl,pl,TrueEuropejski projekt tramwajowy byłby również rozwiązaniem problemów klimatycznych związanych z ruchem ulicznym.
pl,pl,TrueGłosowałem przeciw, gdyż jestem głęboko przekonany, że jest to dokument niesłychanie groźny i szkodliwy dla rozwoju Europy.
pl,pl,TrueJednakże w rozszerzonej Europie, w której występuje większa mobilność obywateli i powstaje więcej agencji UE w różnych państwach członkowskich, zaspokojenie tych potrzeb stało się wyzwaniem.
pl,pl,TrueJest to ostrożna konkurencja, ale moim zdaniem właściwa dla tych skomplikowanych sieci.
pl,pl,TrueJeśli my, Europejczycy, którzy nie mamy wspólnej polityki obrony, będziemy czekać aż uda nam się utworzyć taką jednostkę, to moim zdaniem będzie za późno.
pl,pl,TrueKolejnym aspektem tego sprawozdania, który jest dla nas socjaldemokratów bardzo pozytywny jest dążenie do rozszerzenia zakresu harmonizacji, w przeciwieństwie do prostego mechanizmu wzajemnego uznawania.
pl,pl,TrueLecz proszę nie sądzić, że nie mamy tych samych odczuć.
pl,pl,TrueMiejmy nadzieję, że nie jest to tylko symboliczny gest.
pl,pl,TrueMusimy nalegać na realizację zobowiązania państw posiadających broń jądrową do całkowitego rozbrojenia na mocy artykułu VI NPT, gdyż była to kluczowa obietnica, a wiele krajów podpisało NPT, wyrzekając się tym samym trwale broni jądrowej.
pl,pl,TrueNależy także stworzyć odpowiedni program ramowy dotyczący stałych stanowisk pracy i łatwiejszych zmian pracy.
pl,pl,TrueNie mamy jednolitej europejskiej polityki energetycznej.
pl,pl,TrueNiech pan broni ludzi pracy, niech pan broni pracowników, zmęczona lewica już nie daje rady tego czynić.
pl,pl,TruePanie przewodniczący! My także zadaliśmy Komisji te pytania i oczekujemy, że komisarz na nie odpowie.
pl,pl,TruePo drugie, panie komisarzu, bardzo mi przykro z powodu pańskich argumentów przeciwko wnioskom Parlamentu dotyczącym współzarządzania pracowniczego.
pl,pl,TruePodczas oficjalnego spotkania prezydent Micheil Saakaszwili potwierdził, że może to być kwestia raczej godzin niż dni.
pl,pl,TruePonadto, pomimo iż kobiety stanowią w UE ponad 50% studentów i uzyskują ponad 43% tytułów doktorskich, zajmują średnio tylko 15% wyższych stanowisk akademickich.
pl,pl,TrueProjekt budżetu korygującego nr 4/2007 (głosowanie)
pl,pl,TruePrzez bardzo długi czas wyglądało na to, że niemożliwe jest wykonanie pierwotnego mandatu z powodu notorycznej blokady w Radzie Bezpieczeństwa.
pl,pl,TrueRezultat ten jest głównie wynikiem wysokiego odsetka płatności zaliczkowych w roku 2008, które obarczone są niższym ryzykiem błędu niż płatności okresowe i płatności salda końcowego.
pl,pl,TrueSkupianie się w tak znacznej mierze na budżecie być może jest nieco stereotypowym szkockim podejściem, lecz o ile nie będziemy dysponowali wystarczającymi zasobami pieniężnymi przyznanymi na cele omawianej polityki, wszystko to jest bezcelowe.
pl,pl,TrueSzwedzka prezydencja przejdzie do historii ze względu na to, że w trakcie jej kadencji zdołano przepchnąć lansowaną od blisko 10 lat eurokonstytucję, nazywaną w obecnym kształcie traktatem lizbońskim.
pl,pl,TrueTo olbrzymia kwota, a pakiet oszczędnościowy w Grecji jest równie wielki; nie wolno nam jednak zapominać, że Grecja zbyt długo żyje na kredyt, wiek emerytalny wynosi 53 lata.
pl,pl,TrueTylko jeśli serio potraktujemy nasz cel i będziemy działać wspólnie w dziedzinie finansów publicznych, zdołamy wygrać z bezrobociem bitwę o edukację, szkolenia, badania i innowacyjność.
pl,pl,TrueUstanowiono pierwszy Europejski Dzień Morza.
pl,pl,TrueW kwestii dotyczącej państw członkowskich, to wiele z nich nadal jednostronnie narzuca bezwzględne ustawodawstwo oraz przepisy dotyczące wstępu na ich terytorium i poruszania się po nim, aby ograniczyć dostęp do swoich rynków pracy, systemów zabezpieczeń społecznych oraz systemów edukacyjnych, utrudniając także łączenie rodzin.
pl,pl,TrueW strategii Unii Europejskiej 2020 trzeba podkreślić znaczący wpływ kultury na rozwój społeczno-ekonomiczny w Unii, przecież to właśnie z kapitału intelektualnego, z przemysłów kreatywnych słynie Europa.
pl,pl,TrueW związku z tym mam nadzieję, że doceni pan to, dlaczego musieliśmy przedłożyć to sprawozdanie Parlamentowi i przedyskutować je i dlaczego musimy nadal być czujni w przyszłości.
pl,pl,TrueWiele osób podejrzewa, że pieniądze członków ich partii wykorzystano do celów osobistych.
pl,pl,TrueWszyscy obywatele UE i krajów spoza UE będą mile widziani, pod warunkiem przestrzegania zasad pokojowego współistnienia.
pl,pl,TrueWzywam państwa do poparcia propozycji stworzenia europejskiego funduszu wspierania badań naukowych.
pl,pl,TrueZ tych powodów konserwatyści wstrzymali się od głosowania.
pl,pl,TrueZwracam się do pani poseł Ticău.
pl,pl,Trueurzędujący przewodniczący Rady. - (PT) Prezydencja portugalska działa w tym obszarze w sposób ambitny, ale też realistyczny.
pl,pl,TrueNa przykład, szczepieniom nadano większe znaczenie w zwalczaniu choroby.
pt,pt,True- Antes da votação da alteração 990:
pt,pt,TrueA Presidência do Conselho está ciente de que há uma escola de pensamento que diz que o mundo em desenvolvimento poderia beneficiar muito se tivesse um sector de serviços financeiros?
pt,pt,TrueA decisão financeira respeitante à Indonésia foi assinada em Dezembro de 1999, tendo sido utilizados 900 000 euros para a prossecução desses dois programas.
pt,pt,TrueA partir da altura em que o Comissário da Saúde passou a ser responsável pelo licenciamento dos organismos geneticamente modificados, os cidadãos ficaram a pensar, em minha opinião, que passaríamos a abordar o licenciamento destes OGM com maior cautela.
pt,pt,TrueA segunda constatação é a de que o sistema de vacinação em caso de ameaça de uma pandemia não é suficiente, como o deputado Bowis e outros já disseram.
pt,pt,TrueAlém da questão dos edifícios, o relatório contém igualmente toda uma lista de assuntos interessantes com recomendações para o futuro, como por exemplo, recomendações a respeito dos contratos que é necessário dar a assistentes parlamentares, bem como a respeito das novas oportunidades oferecidas pelas técnicas das comunicações, que eu próprio me esforço, todos os dias, por dominar.
pt,pt,TrueAs crianças, vistas pelos fervorosos europeístas como mais maleáveis, constituem o alvo privilegiado desta comunicação.
pt,pt,TrueAté então, todos os números e, especialmente, todas as conclusões extraídas do processo da DAS deverão ser tratados com prudência.
pt,pt,TrueCom efeito, nós, os seres humanos, sabemos pura e simplesmente ainda muito pouco.
pt,pt,TrueCongratulo-me com o mesmo, porque, se pudermos analisar os entraves que subsistem ao comércio, poderemos vir a construir um mercado transatlântico livre de barreiras.
pt,pt,TrueCumpre­vos, pois, oferecer­lhes segurança e liberdade, pois só assim sereis capazes de gozar a vossa própria liberdade."
pt,pt,TrueDevido à posição assumida pelo Conselho nas difíceis negociações do ano passado, existe muito pouca confiança em promessas políticas sem o correspondente quadro financeiro.
pt,pt,TrueElogio os esforços de negociação desenvolvidos entre as diferentes instituições no sentido de alcançar uma solução equilibrada para fazer deste Instituto um símbolo da inovação, em conformidade com as nossas mais elevadas ambições.
pt,pt,TrueEm resultado disso, os agricultores destes países podem acabar numa situação de ainda maior desvantagem competitiva.
pt,pt,TrueEntendo que este critério não pode ser utilizado arbitrariamente e que poderá ter consequências perigosas para alguns Estados-Membros.
pt,pt,TrueEsta expressão é neutra e, assim, toda a nossa política passaria a ter uma única linha de orientação.
pt,pt,TrueEste documento é um exemplo da sensibilidade social da União Europeia e da criação de um modelo social europeu que estamos a construir em paralelo com acções que promovem um maior crescimento económico e uma economia de mercado que funcione.
pt,pt,TrueEstá o Governo Irlandês disposto a fazer alguma coisa a este respeito?
pt,pt,TrueFinalmente, no que respeita ao Parlamento Europeu, o Conselho aceitou o nosso mapa previsional com base num acordo de cavalheiros.
pt,pt,TrueGostaríamos de fazer verdadeiros progressos no desenvolvimento e na utilização da análise de impacto para servir de base à competitividade.
pt,pt,TrueIsso é o que posso dizer, realmente, como também já o disseram alguns oradores que me precederam.
pt,pt,TrueMais uma vez, os nossos dirigentes europeus, bem quentinhos nas suas torres de marfim, vão ter de melhorar a sua proposta ou então de metê-la na gaveta.
pt,pt,TrueNa Grã­Bretanha, tal como noutros países em que estão previstas eleições gerais nos próximos dois anos, uma das questões fundamentais que se irá pôr é a de saber em que mãos estará seguro o futuro da Europa.
pt,pt,TrueNestas condições, portanto, acredita que é de avançar com essa política com a qual estamos de acordo e que tem como critérios a aplicação de todos esses métodos para fins pacíficos, a unificação das políticas, a integração de todos os movimentos numa política europeia única, já que em última análise os países europeus não devem deixar que a segurança das suas comunicações e a sua própria segurança estejam dependentes de sistemas de satélites, sejam eles dos Estados Unidos da América ou da Rússia.
pt,pt,TrueNo entanto, não devemos esquecer que se trata aqui simplesmente da extensão de uma acção cujos sistemas já se encontram estabelecidos a nível nacional, comunitário e internacional.
pt,pt,TrueNum âmbito muito mais geral, trata-se de uma tomada de consciência do facto de a ajuda humanitária ter frequentemente lugar em situações de crises complexas.
pt,pt,TrueNão podemos garantir uma adequada protecção ambiental se os resíduos não perigosos puderem ser depositados sem que sejam observadas as disposições da directiva.
pt,pt,TrueO Parlamento responde que tal não é necessário.
pt,pt,TrueO fim da Guerra Fria traduziu-se em enormes pressões, nitidamente, devido à diminuição da procura de armamento por parte dos Estados-membros da UE.
pt,pt,TrueO senhor deputado Gaubert reparou nesta exigência e, com todo o direito, sentiu-se chocado com tão flagrante anti-semitismo.
pt,pt,TrueOs estudos de impacto levados a cabo por institutos e centros técnicos franceses demonstram que o projecto de revisão da directiva europeia relativa aos pesticidas pode conduzir ao desaparecimento de muitos produtos actualmente disponíveis no mercado.
pt,pt,TruePara a segurança da Europa e a cooperação político-comercial, é o Atlântico que se reveste de especial importância.
pt,pt,TruePedir-lhe-ia, Senhor Presidente, que fizesse chegar ao conhecimento do Sr. Dr. Barroso que o meu grupo não está disposto a acatar este tipo de conversas.
pt,pt,TruePeço à Comissão que os reveja já.
pt,pt,TruePor isso, é preciso desenvolver modelos completamente novos de métodos de teste, se tal for porventura possível.
pt,pt,TrueQuem é que deposita verdadeiras esperanças no périplo do HMS "Ark Royal" pelo Mediterrâneo?
pt,pt,TrueSabemos que algumas das nossas populações de peixe se encontram a níveis extremamente baixos e por isso quando existe um embargo à pesca de bacalhau, não são só os pescadores que são prejudicados, mas também os transformadores.
pt,pt,TrueSempre o estiveram, aliás, para muitos de nós.
pt,pt,TrueSenhor Presidente, em meu entender, o texto do estatuto, preparado pelo Conselho, não pode ser aceite, essencialmente por quatro motivos.
pt,pt,TrueSomos a favor de um aumento da mobilidade dos trabalhadores.
pt,pt,TrueTemos aqui uma oportunidade de democratizar o acesso à cultura.
pt,pt,TrueTodos perderão com isso, pelo que fico muito grata com o apoio que encontrei na Comissão da Agricultura e entre os deputados.
pt,pt,TrueUm limite de tempo de condução semanal claro, uma impossibilidade de desrespeitar as pausas, um repouso quotidiano simplificado, repousos semanais regulares, uma política de interpretação e aplicação uniforme do regulamento, uma extraterritorialidade das sanções e uma maior responsabilidade de toda a cadeia de transportes: eis os principais progressos do regulamento.
pt,pt,TrueSenhor Presidente, Senhor Comissário, gostaria de começar por felicitar a nossa relatora, a senhora deputada Fraga Estévez, pela qualidade do seu relatório, muito rico, que traduz bem a complexidade do que está em jogo.
pt,pt,TrueÉ claro que é necessário mudar o processo de tomada de decisão do Conselho.
pt,pt,TrueÉ necessário, no entanto, monitorizar o desenvolvimento de todas as energias renováveis do ponto de vista da sustentabilidade, em função, naturalmente, das capacidades dos Estados-Membros, bem como economizar energia mediante um menor consumo e uma maior eficiência energética.
pt,pt,TrueO Líbano precisa, portanto, de ser independente, muito especialmente da Síria, sem forças militares a ocuparem-no e sem estar sob a ameaça de um bloqueio.
ro,ro,True(IT) Domnule preşedinte, doamnelor şi domnilor, la baza oricărei strategii privind nediscriminarea stă următoarea afirmaţie: individul este cel mai important.
ro,ro,TrueAceasta a fost o caracteristică a ţării noastre, la fel ca atunci când există creştere, creăm mai multe locuri de muncă decât alte ţări.
ro,ro,TrueAceastă poziţie pe care Uniunea Europeană o menţine astăzi era bazată pe violenţa din trecut; totuşi, situaţia pe care o susţinem astăzi este de asemenea rezultatul forţei pe care am impus-o.
ro,ro,TrueAcest lucru va presupune mai multe costuri?
ro,ro,TrueAceste eforturi vor fi făcute, desigur, folosind o combinaţie de mai multe instrumente.
ro,ro,TrueAm avut privilegiul de a fi participat încă de la început la iniţiativa Cars 21, iar acum vedem impactul pe care l-a avut această abordare integrată.
ro,ro,TrueApreciez că şcoala trebuie să urmărească îmbunătăţirea capacităţii de angajare, dar totodată să le ofere tinerilor şansa de a-şi dezvolta aptitudinile lor personale.
ro,ro,TrueAş dori să subliniez în special situaţia dificilă în care se află state ca Bulgaria sau Slovacia.
ro,ro,TrueCea mai mare provocare a noastră de acum este să instituim următorul tratat internaţional privind mediul.
ro,ro,TrueComunităţile de romi trebuie implicate în procesul de planificare, punere în aplicare şi monitorizare de la nivelul cel mai scăzut până la nivelul organismelor consultative internaţionale; trebuie stabilite repere comune şi termen fixe pentru a verifica dacă resursele financiare investite sunt utilizate eficient.
ro,ro,TrueCred că acest lucru este important pentru continuarea acestui dialog.
ro,ro,TrueCu toate acestea guvernul îşi menţine poziţia, susţinând că Uniunea Europeană este un lucru minunat.
ro,ro,TrueCurtea Penală Internaţională de la Haga a emis un mandat de arestare pe numele preşedintelui din Sudan, Omar Hassan Ahmad al-Bashir, care a preluat puterea printr-o lovitură de stat, pentru crime împotriva umanităţii.
ro,ro,TrueDar am reuşit să le încolţim prin adoptarea de regulament după regulament după regulament în vremurile bune, fără să ne gândim că ar putea veni timpuri mai puţin productive.
ro,ro,TrueDe asemenea - iar acest lucru este legat atât de magistratură, cât şi de corupţie - reforme de schimbare a unei nomenclaturi birocratice şi a unei administraţii publice extrem de opresive.
ro,ro,TrueDe asemenea, toţi diplomaţii ar trebui să fie plătiţi din fonduri ale Uniunii, potrivit unei ierarhii profesionale unice, inclusiv diplomaţii care vor forma treimea ce va fi nominalizată mai târziu de către statele membre.
ro,ro,TrueDeoarece lupta împotriva terorismului este strâns legată de acţiunile desfăşurate la faţa locului, este evident că Statele Unite, ţările aliate şi NATO nu se pot retrage.
ro,ro,TrueDin cauza crizei financiare, ne confruntăm în mod evident cu întârzieri în multe proiecte energetice cu intensitatea ridicată a capitalului.
ro,ro,TrueDle preşedinte, dnă comisar, doamnelor şi domnilor, acum două săptămâni, a avut loc la Geneva cea de-a şaptea Conferinţă Ministerială a Organizaţiei Mondiale a Comerţului.
ro,ro,TrueDomnule Preşedinte, în primul rând doresc să vă prezint sincerele mele felicitări pentru alegerea de ieri, pentru alegerea unui preşedinte extraordinar ca nou şef al Parlamentului.
ro,ro,TrueEfectul economic şi social al acestei catastrofe împiedică oamenii să revină la o viaţă normală.
ro,ro,TrueEste necesară o iniţiativă generală.
ro,ro,TrueExistă în prezent, în apele teritoriale ale statelor membre, foarte multe platforme care exploatează petrol.
ro,ro,TrueGuvernul israelian continuă colonizările în marş forţat, şi aceasta după ce a comis crime de război la începutul acestui an.
ro,ro,TrueIntrarea în vigoare a Tratatului de la Lisabona necesită clarificarea unora dintre normele sale, în special cele cu un conţinut legal şi procedural, cum ar fi cele privind abordarea procedurii legislative, ierarhia normelor şi competenţele instituţiilor.
ro,ro,TrueMai mult decât atât, introducerea unei noi "Ore de întrebări” cu membri Comisiei în sesiunile plenare va contribui la o mai bună responsabilizare a executivului.
ro,ro,TrueNe confruntăm cu dificultăţi în prezicerea şi stabilirea unei politici de coeziune care să stimuleze prosperitatea cetăţenilor pe termen lung.
ro,ro,TrueNu este nevoie să se asigure sprijin structural altor sectoare economice.
ro,ro,TrueO altă ameninţare care a fost deja identificată este reprezentată de atacurile informatice şi de diferite încercări de atacuri şi blocaje prin internet.
ro,ro,TrueParlamentul, Consiliul şi Comisia îşi au rolul lor special şi acest lucru trebui respectat. Sper că Parlamentul va avea o poziţie unitară puternică, deoarece acest lucru va fi benefic pentru noi toţi şi pentru rezultatul final, care sper că va fi un text de compromis echilibrat şi viabil.
ro,ro,TruePoate că există şanse ca, sub noua Preşedinţie, investigaţia să fie puţin mai independentă decât ar fi fost înainte.
ro,ro,TruePrin urmare, avem nevoie de un angajament clar din partea UE că va fi prezentă în Georgia şi că îi va garanta acesteia alegerea liberă şi integritatea teritorială.
ro,ro,TrueProcesul de negociere a fost dificil.
ro,ro,TrueRecent, s-au înaintat o serie de proiecte care analizează noile tehnologii pentru energiile regenerabile şi, de asemenea, cele nucleare şi CSC.
ro,ro,TrueScopul nostru este, aşadar, să asigurăm că bugetele sunt elaborate pe baza nevoilor reale.
ro,ro,TrueSper că în 2010 şi acestea vor putea beneficia de ridicarea vizelor.
ro,ro,TrueSunt de asemenea de acord şi cu doamna Wortmann-Kool atunci când spune că şi în acest caz trebuie să acordăm o atenţie deosebită pieţei interne.
ro,ro,TrueTotul s-a desfăşurat foarte bine, însă este evident că acest lucru a fost posibil datorită faptului că în aceste trei ţări am beneficiat de sprijinul guvernelor respective, fără de care ar fi fost extrem de dificil.
ro,ro,TrueTrebuie să ne menţinem minţile îndreptate spre viitor, în loc să păşim pe căile normale cu care suntem obişnuiţi în atâtea contexte.
ro,ro,TrueUna dintre provocările cheie întâlnite pe plan intern este o mai mare integrare a drepturilor omului în cadrul PESA şi PESC, lucru care a fost deja menţionat în timpul dezbaterii.
ro,ro,TrueVorbiţi de obiective şi iluzii ca şi cum evenimentul nu ar fi avut încă loc.
ro,ro,TrueÎi asigurăm că Uniunea Europeană şi Parlamentul îi va sprijini mereu în procesul de consolidare a păcii, a democraţiei şi a stabilităţii la care Irakul are dreptul, la fel ca orice altă naţiune de pe pământ.
ro,ro,TrueÎn acest context, şi pentru că actuala criză ameninţă cu grave disfuncţionalităţi economice, trebuie să punem în aplicare reglementări legale la nivelul UE care vor ajuta aceste întreprinderi să funcţioneze.
ro,ro,TrueÎn ceea ce priveşte chestiunea industriei automobilelor, există o problemă legată de supracapacitate în Europa şi în lume.
ro,ro,TrueÎn fiecare an în Europa, 180 000 de femei imigrante suferă sau sunt în pericol de a suferi mutilare genitală.
ro,ro,TrueÎn primul rând, referitor la transpunerea realizată de statele membre, putem afirma cel mult că lasă de dorit.
ro,ro,TrueÎnsă, în ciuda participării Turciei la Concursul Muzical Eurovision, sunt de aceeaşi părere cu mult respectatul fost preşedinte german, Theodor Heuss, care a dat o definiţie clară Europei.
ro,ro,Trueîn scris. - (SV) Noi, social-democraţii suedezi, am hotărât să votăm în favoarea raportului privind incluziunea activă a persoanelor excluse de piaţa muncii.
sk,sk,True(HU) Vlajka patriaca iným štátom sa obyčajne nevztyčuje za vojenského pochodu ako v tomto prípade pri hraní hymny.
sk,sk,TrueAk by Komisia mala záujem, môže sa prísť pozrieť na moju farmu, na ktorej sa pestujú rastliny a chová dobytok od roku 3 000 pred Kristom.
sk,sk,TrueAko poznamenala pani komisárka, aby k tomu došlo, aj Európania musia konať v súlade s globálnou úlohou, ktorú chceme zohrávať, a musia byť dobre pripravení, pokiaľ ide o privilegovaný vzťah, o vytvorenie ktorého sa so Spojenými štátmi snažíme.
sk,sk,TrueBohužiaľ a snáď aj za iných okolností sa deje aj v Európskej únii.
sk,sk,TrueChcel by som len objasniť jednu vec, milá Astrid. Rečnícky čas je obmedzený na jednu minútu, nie na dve.
sk,sk,TrueChýbajúca MRL taktiež orgánom zabraňuje v tom, aby boli schopné stanoviť správnu lehotu na stiahnutie určitého lieku.
sk,sk,TrueDomnievam sa, že je pre nás dôležité zaručiť ženám rovnaké príležitosti na rozvoj a plánovanie ich kariéry, ako aj podmienky podporujúce rovnováhu medzi osobným, pracovným a rodinným životom.
sk,sk,TrueDúfam, že keď sa k tomu o pár rokov vrátime, uvedomíme si, že by sme sa nemali báť hovoriť o európskom trhu s obrannými zariadeniami v kontexte spoločného európskeho trhu.
sk,sk,TrueEÚ bude rozvíjať strategické partnerstvo s Pakistanom, ktoré vyplynulo z úspešného zvláštneho samitu v júni 2009.
sk,sk,TrueHodnotenie spoločnej poľnohospodárskej politiky ukazuje, že v budúcnosti bude mať zmysel, ak bude založená na spravodlivých zásadách.
sk,sk,TrueInštitút ETI by mal byť aj ohniskom odbornosti založenom na modeli integrácie výskumných inštitúcií so spoločnosťami, ktorý, ako dúfame, bude slúžiť ako katalyzátor kultúry inovácií, ktorá je taká nevyhnutná na zvýšenie našej konkurencieschopnosti.
sk,sk,TrueJe to krok smerom k dôraznejšiemu európskemu dohľadu nad finančnými trhmi, ktorý sa rozšíril ďaleko za národné hranice.
sk,sk,TrueKaždý deň zomrie v Európe 12 ľudí, pretože im nebol včas transplantovaný orgán, a 60 000 ľudí v súčasnosti čaká na transplantáciu.
sk,sk,TrueMali by sme preto prijať zodpovednosť a nepožadovať len okamžité zatvorenie Guantánama, ale tiež prijať niektorých väzňov, ktorí sa nemôžu vrátiť do svojich krajín ani zostať v Spojených štátoch a žiadajú, aby ich mohli prijať iné krajiny vrátane európskych.
sk,sk,TrueMrzí nás, že sa nevyzdvihuje význam úsilia v oblasti výskumu, rozvoja a demonštrácie, ktoré ešte treba vynaložiť.
sk,sk,TrueMusíme toto uznesenie splniť do poslednej čiarky a písmena, takisto ako od Ruska žiadame plnenie šesťbodového plánu do posledného písmena.
sk,sk,TrueMyslím, že k tomu môžem povedať, že v texte správy nie je nič, čo bude schvaľované zajtra, čo by mohlo viesť ku tomuto záujmu, ale je to na našich kolegov zajtra rozhodnúť, pretože, ja si myslím, pani predsedajúca, že sa chystáte oznámiť, že táto správa bude predložená na hlasovanie zajtra.
sk,sk,TrueNa záver by som sa rád poďakoval všetkým, ktorí napomohli k doterajšiemu hladkému fungovaniu pilotného postupu, v prípade ktorého sa pôvodne očakávali ťažkosti.
sk,sk,TrueNavrhujeme aj ďalšie rozpočtové prostriedky pre niektoré nové projekty s cieľom zlepšiť ubytovanie pre utečencov alebo pre MVO, ktoré bojujú proti diskriminácii.
sk,sk,TrueNekontrolovaná a štátom podporovaná brutalita, násilie a surovosť musia nakoniec prestať, a preto medzinárodné spoločenstvo musí konať, a to urýchlene, v záujme trpiaceho zimbabwianskeho ľudu.
sk,sk,TrueNoam Šalit, otec Gilada Šalita, izraelského vojaka, ktorého uniesli pred takmer štyrmi rokmi, sa spolieha na vašu plnú podporu v snahe dosiahnuť prepustenie Gilada.
sk,sk,TrueOnline operátori hovoria, že udeľovanie práv na hudbu je v Európe príliš komplikované, a práve preto ešte v žiadnom z členských štátov neexistujú online právne služby.
sk,sk,TruePo druhé, Chorvátsko musí dodržiavať všetky právne povinnosti podľa dohody o stabilizácii a pridružení a musí aj naďalej dodržiavať všeobecné podmienky stabilizačného a prístupového procesu.
sk,sk,TruePodporujem zlepšenie podmienok dôchodkového zabezpečenia pre ženy, ako napríklad prenosnosť dôchodkov medzi rôznymi zamestnávateľmi, aby mali nárok na vyšší dôchodok po skončení svojej pracovnej kariéry. Taktiež podporujem vyššiu flexibilitu zariadení sociálnych služieb, ktoré umožnia ženám lepšie zosúladiť rodinný a pracovný život.
sk,sk,TruePredstavuje hranicu európskej civilizácie voči náporu nelegálneho prisťahovalectva, ktoré je zámerné, veľmi často so sebou prináša mimoriadne vážne humanitárne tragédie a predstavuje veľké obchodné príležitosti pre zločinecké organizácie typu mafie.
sk,sk,TruePreto som od chvíle, keď som sa opäť ocitla na slobode, chcela pricestovať sem, na miesto, na ktorom sa tiež cítim ako doma.
sk,sk,TruePráve s takýmto druhom sebaklamu EÚ pokračuje vo svojej úbohej klimatickej politike, ktorá ničí pracovné miesta v najekologickejších priemyselných odvetviach.
sk,sk,TrueSamotný balík je v poriadku; o tom niet pochýb.
sk,sk,TrueSom potešená, že je táto téma na programe, pretože to trvalo veľmi dlho.
sk,sk,TrueTento prístup je flexibilný, a umožňuje koordináciu komplexných záležitostí a rýchlu reakciu na súčasné úlohy.
sk,sk,TrueTiež je však zrejmé - a hovorím to Komisii v súvislosti s vyjadrenými pripomienkami -, že si musíme celkom ujasniť fakt, že aj členské štáty majú v tejto veci konkrétnu zodpovednosť.
sk,sk,TrueTo, čo neboli schopné vo vojne vykonať bomby a delostrelecké granáty, sme počas ostatných šiestich mesiacov museli zažívať v Berlíne.
sk,sk,TrueTá, ktorú má Rada v súčasnosti na stole, pán López Garrido, nie je v žiadnom prípade presvedčivá.
sk,sk,TrueV prípade roamingových taríf pre mobilné telefóny je však toto opatrenie potrebné a môže sa vykonať len kolektívne na úrovni Európskej únie.
sk,sk,TrueV tomto smere musia ísť inštitúcie Európskej únie príkladom.
sk,sk,TrueViem, že ostatní s tým tu dnes večer nesúhlasia, no zvyšuje to bezpečnosť, pretože to dokáže rozlíšiť keramické a plastické zbrane, ktoré sa pri štandardných detektoroch kovov nedajú zistiť.
sk,sk,TrueVzdelávanie, odborné vzdelávanie a celoživotné vzdelávanie sú stále viac dôležité.
sk,sk,TrueVážený pán predseda, ďakujem, že ste mi teraz poskytli možnosť vyjadriť sa, hoci tu, samozrejme, ostanem do konca rozpravy.
sk,sk,TrueVýbor Európskeho parlamentu pre rybné hospodárstvo navrhuje len rozšíriť verejnú pomoc na obnovu flotíl v najvzdialenejších regiónoch do roku 2009 a umožniť registráciu týchto lodí do roku 2011.
sk,sk,TrueZ toho vyplýva, že veľmi dôležitým aspektom je záväzok vzdelávať a odborne pripravovať pracovníkov automobilového priemyslu.
sk,sk,TrueZdržal som sa hlasovania o uznesení týkajúcom sa Haiti, pretože sa domnievam, že je nevyhnutné, aby boli do tejto oblasti namiesto vojenských jednotiek vyslaní civilní odborníci, ako napr. lekári, architekti a hasiči.
sk,sk,Truepodpredseda Komisie. - (DE) Vážená pani predsedajúca, pán úradujúci predseda, dámy a páni, z hľadiska Komisie je dnešná rozprava kľúčová pokiaľ ide o budúce postavenie Európy vo svete.
sk,sk,Truev mene skupiny PSE. - (PT) Vážená pani predsedajúca, rád by som pripojil svoj hlas ku všetkým, ktorí prehovorili, a obzvlášť by som chcel podotknúť, že oslavujeme Rok rovnakých príležitostí a rovnaké príležitosti z definície nemôžu mať hranice, a preto nemôžeme jednoducho zostať ľahostajní k tomu, čo sa deje ženám v Saudskej Arábii a tiež vo zvyšku celého Blízkeho východu.
sk,sk,TrueČína a USA si však vybrali inú cestu.
sl,sl,True(IT) Gospa predsednica, gospa Jiménez García-Herrera, komisar, gospe in gospodje, ljudem se sedaj pogostokrat odreče pravica do presaditve.
sl,sl,True- Pred glasovanjem o predlogu spremembe 9:
sl,sl,TrueAvtoritarna težnja Chávezovega režima je izredno zaskrbljujoča in mislim, da se ne smemo bati tega povedati.
sl,sl,TrueDanes imajo v Evropski uniji samo tri države članice, to so Irska, Malta in Združeno kraljestvo, najvišje ravni alkohola v krvi, ki so višje od te vrednosti.
sl,sl,TrueDovolili vam bomo, da o vprašanju premislite.
sl,sl,TrueEna izmed resnih dolgoročnih posledic podnebnih sprememb je zmanjšanje zalog pitne vode in vse večje pomanjkanje čiste pitne vode.
sl,sl,TrueFinska in Evropska unija morata rešiti svoje lastne železarske, strojniške in gozdarske industrije tako, da v Københavnu pozoveta k uvedbi specifičnega emisijskega sistema za doseganje podnebnih ciljev za podnebne produkte, namesto da predstavljata cilje, ki temeljijo na odstotkih in trgovanju z emisijami.
sl,sl,TrueGospa predsednica, koliko priznanj je potrebnih, da država postane neodvisna?
sl,sl,TrueIstočasno pa želimo, da bi sporazum prav tako predstavljal sporočilo glede naše zavezanosti zelo pomembnemu odnosu z našo najpomembnejšo partnerico.
sl,sl,TrueKava v javnih centrih ali stojnice, na katerih se prodajajo brezalkoholne pijače, niso ogroženi, pri čemer morajo za dobro higieno preprosto poskrbeti tudi druga podjetja.
sl,sl,TrueKomisija prav tako ni zagotovila popolne in ustrezne obveščenosti letalskih potnikov o svojih pravicah, zlasti v zvezi s primeri zlorabe pristojnosti pri uporabi varnostnih pravil.
sl,sl,TrueListina Evropske unije o temeljnih pravicah mora postati pravno zavezujoča, EU pa mora pristopiti k Evropski konvenciji o človekovih pravicah.
sl,sl,TrueMislim, da bo za skupine in poslance, če sprejmemo predlog spremembe 42, to zelo neprijetno in bo na koncu potrebna večja prožnost.
sl,sl,TrueNa prvi pogled se odprava računovodskega sistema zdi glavna poenostavitev birokracije, vendar ob upoštevanju pomembnosti finančnih podatkov za vse zadevne stranke (npr. tisti, ki omogočajo kredite) lahko to povzroči še večjo birokracijo in višje stroške.
sl,sl,TrueNaloga družbe je torej, da ukrepa na takšen način, da se bodo lahko ženske in moški prosto odločili med dvema logičnima možnostma, od katerih obe upravičeno obstajata, če nanju pogledamo iz širše perspektive in ne samo iz perspektive dela.
sl,sl,TrueNe bi bilo prav, če bi podjetje, ki se je uspešno branilo pred komunizmom, propadlo zaradi pritiskov direktiv Evropske unije.
sl,sl,TrueNekaznovanje vojnih zločincev je popolnoma nesprejemljivo in zato želim pozvati Komisijo in države članice, da še enkrat spregovorijo o možnosti, da prepričajo države v regiji, da sprejmejo ukrepe za usklajeno odpravo takih prepovedi.
sl,sl,TrueOb upoštevanju naslednjega vrha v Limi odnos predsednika Cháveza predstavlja resen izziv, ki ga morajo pazljivo obravnavati Evropska unija in njene države članice.
sl,sl,TrueOpominja nas, da se je Svet odločil nadgraditi diplomatske odnose z Izraelom v nasprotju z mnenjem tega Parlamenta.
sl,sl,TruePogajanja o pridružitvenem sporazumu med Evropsko unijo in Srednjo Ameriko (glasovanje)
sl,sl,TruePomembno je, da naredimo ta korak naprej in Svet se je zavezal tudi v politični deklaraciji, ki jo lahko preberete na predzadnji strani, da se za tiste osebe, za katere bodo izpolnjeni pogoji za pridržanje, ne za vse kar povprek, pridržanje lahko izvajalo za šest mesecev.
sl,sl,TruePotrebuje zdravilo, potrebuje prvo pomoč, potrebuje dolgoročno oskrbo in potrebuje obdobje okrevanja.
sl,sl,TruePrav tako je tu pomembno načelo previdnosti.
sl,sl,TruePredlagamo evropsko jamstvo za mlade, ki bo vsakemu mlademu posamezniku, mlajšemu od 25 let, po največ 4 mesecih brezposelnosti zagotovilo pravico do delovnega mesta, usposabljanja ali nadgrajevanja znanj in veščin.
sl,sl,TruePripadajo stranki, ki se že leta odlikuje s politiko, ki zajema eno samo stvar: sistematično in usmerjeno zlorabo italijanskega predsednika vlade, voditelja koalicije, ki ga je demokratično izvolilo 17 milijonov Italijanov.
sl,sl,TruePrvič, to vključuje določitve glede omejitve prostosti.
sl,sl,TrueRes je, da je bil Evropski socialni sklad doslej glavni vir financiranja.
sl,sl,TrueSe pravi poglavja o ustanovitvi in nalogah, o sistemih za obdelavo podatkov, o skupnih določbah o obdelavi informacij, o organizaciji, o vprašanjih zaupnosti in o drugih določbah.
sl,sl,TrueSoglašajo z diskriminacijo Srednje Evrope in s tem z zmanjševanjem vloge Evropske unije kot globalne partnerice.
sl,sl,TrueTa dialog je treba utemeljiti na načelih solidarnosti in skupne odgovornosti.
sl,sl,TrueTo bo odločitev celotnega Parlamenta.
sl,sl,TrueTo lahko dosežemo z "evropskim odzivom", če nam uspe mobilizirati sredstva Skupnosti brez birokratske zamude; sprejeti in izvršiti strogo okoljsko zakonodajo za varovanje gozdov in ekosistemov; ustanoviti neodvisno evropsko enoto za hitro posredovanje ter vpeljati evropsko strategijo za boj proti podnebnim spremembam.
sl,sl,TrueToda pomembno je bilo, da se s preglednostjo ne pretirava in da se z zahtevami glede informacij, ki so nepomembne, neučinkovite in kontraproduktivne, ne obremeni pretirano organov, ki upravljajo sklade, in lastnikov projektov.
sl,sl,TrueUstvarjajo dobiček in države članice se morajo na te razmere odzvati.
sl,sl,TrueV resnici bi se zamenjava teh snovi morala izvesti že veliko prej.
sl,sl,TrueV zvezi s tem si resnično prizadevamo, ampak je seveda res, gospod Cercas, da si morajo Komisija, Parlament in države članice prizadevati skupaj.
sl,sl,TrueVendar pa bi, gospod komisar, želela vprašati tudi, ali lahko poveste, zakaj je Evropska komisija v strategiji EU 2020 tako malo pozornosti posvetila zaščiti in stabilnosti pokojnin ter zagotavljanju pokojnin, saj moramo upoštevati trenutne razmere na trgu dela, trenutne demografske razmere in dejansko eno izmed najpomembnejših vprašanj, torej kakšne pokojnine bodo ljudje prejemali čez 10 let.
sl,sl,TrueVerjamem v socialno državo, v socialistično ne, ker izloča tiste, ki mislijo drugače.
sl,sl,TrueVsi si želimo doseči isti rezultat, vendar na tej stopnji še nismo našli kompromisa, ki bi nam ustrezal in združeval vse možnosti za rešitev vprašanja.
sl,sl,TrueZa to pa seveda obstajajo dobri razlogi.
sl,sl,TrueZato Evropska komisija ne upošteva previdnostnega načela, niti sprejetja ter okrepitve standardov varnosti in higiene živil, ki na ravni EU že obstajajo.
sl,sl,TrueZato moramo ta dva pojava sprejeti in zaradi tega moramo iz razlogov, ki ste jih dali, še strožje nasprotovati vsem oblikam diskriminacije.
sl,sl,Truepodpredsednik Komisije. - (FR) Gospa predsednica, vsekakor bi se želel zahvaliti gospodu Favi in Odboru za državljanske svoboščine, pravosodje in notranje zadeve.
sl,sl,Truev pisni obliki. - (SV) Če bi se sporazum o partnerstvu z EU moral končati takoj, bi to resno vplivalo na več držav v razvoju in na veliko ljudi.
sl,sl,TrueČeprav je v zeleni knjigi izpostavljenih večina težav v zvezi z mobilnostjo v mestih ter predstavljenih nekaj novih inovativnih zamisli za rešitev teh problemov, veliko vidikov, ki jih je treba obravnavati, ni navedenih, zato je lahko zelena knjiga le izhodišče za razpravo o tem vprašanju.
sl,sl,TrueŠe vedno obstaja problem različne pravne razvrstitve prekrškov po državah članicah, v katerih so storjeni.
sv,sv,True. (EN) Jag har inte något att tillägga i frågan.
sv,sv,TrueAtt göra medborgarna medvetna om EU-frågor är avgörande för att kunna förbereda det kommande valet och få medborgarna att vilja delta och rösta.
sv,sv,TrueBetänkande (A5-0044/2001) av Gallagher
sv,sv,TrueDe kommentarer som vi har mottagit från berörda parter och även diskussionen i parlamentet om grönboken har faktiskt båda visat att det finns en bred enighet om att detta tydliggörande inte bara är nödvändigt, utan också brådskande.
sv,sv,TrueDen gemensamma valutan har inte inneburit en lösning på alla de interna och externa obalanser som har förekommit.
sv,sv,TrueDenna process har tyvärr fördröjts p.g.a. brist på politisk vilja i medlemsstaterna att göra EU:s beslut verkligt effektiva.
sv,sv,TrueDessutom stöder jag de två förslag som syftar till att göra det obligatoriskt att offentliggöra en kostnads-nyttoanalys före upprättandet av en byrå, och att begära att en utvärderingsrapport om det mervärde som byrån genererar på sitt verksamhetsområde sammanställs vart femte år.
sv,sv,TrueDet förslag som ändrades till följd av detta och som vi röstar om i dag är fortfarande inte helt i linje med våra önskemål.
sv,sv,TrueDet leder till förlust av jobb och att regioner drabbas.
sv,sv,TrueDet är alltså en teknisk åtgärd, men samtidigt ett steg i riktning mot mindre byråkrati, färre bedrägerier och snabbare hantering.
sv,sv,TrueDet är med desto större glädje som jag röstar för betänkandet, eftersom jag råkade ut för något mycket beklagligt vid den gemensamma parlamentariska AVS-EG-församlingens möte.
sv,sv,TrueDet är viktigt med straffrättsliga regler, så att vi åstadkommer en prevention.
sv,sv,TrueDetta stärker den regionala integrationen och främjar samarbetet mellan de nationella parlamenten.
sv,sv,TrueDärför måste medlemsstaterna och EU som helhet svara på detta hot, inte bara med lagstiftning utan med hela brottsbekämpningsmaskineriet.
sv,sv,TrueEkonomi är bra. Det är mycket viktigt för att utveckla en inre marknad, men det är ett mycket snävt fokus för att skapa ett socialt integrerat och hållbart europeiskt samhälle.
sv,sv,TrueEtt oberoende och specifikt delmål inom det nya mål 2 måste inrättas för landsbygdsområden och områden som är beroende av fiske. Landsbygdsutvecklingens betydelse för en balanserad regionalpolitik och för bevarandet av såväl kulturbygd som kulturarv kräver detta, liksom de särskilda förhållandena i fiskesektorn och behoven av en finansiering av den gemensamma fiskeripolitiken.
sv,sv,TrueFru ordförande! Det är en utmärkt idé, inte bara för att den sparar mycket tid och energi, utan man kan måhända göra mycket mer med lika mycket pengar och också mycket effektivare.
sv,sv,TrueFör det femte är direktivet, efter dessa ändringar, riktigt från ekonomisk synpunkt och konsumentsynpunkt, eftersom det är avgörande för export och import samt till gagn för våra konsumenter att alla hamnar regleras på ett ännu mer effektivt och ekonomiskt sätt.
sv,sv,TrueG8 är inte en institution, men dess arbete och de beslut som fattas kräver ändå spridning och öppenhet.
sv,sv,TrueHerr rådsordförande! Avslutningsvis anser jag att ert förslag om en period av eftertanke om EU 2020 är mycket välkommet.
sv,sv,TrueHerr talman, mina damer och herrar! Jag kan inte annat än tacka föredraganden för det utmärkta arbete hon har gjort, som är mycket noggrant och detaljerat.
sv,sv,TrueI alla fall är frågan om export av avfall inte en handelsfråga.
sv,sv,TrueI förbundsstater är många befogenheter i delstaternas händer men endast förbundsstaten beslutar om utrikespolitik och försvarsfrågor.
sv,sv,TrueInför sådana ekonomiska utmaningar håller jag med Bangemann att försiktighet är utgångspunkten för säkerheten.
sv,sv,TrueJag begär med andra ord att villkoren i resolutionen formuleras om, så att de blir mycket tydligare än vad som nu är fallet.
sv,sv,TrueJag har meddelat kammaren detta skäl.
sv,sv,TrueJag skulle med eftertryck vilja uppmana kommissionären att visa större ambitioner i det här sammanhanget.
sv,sv,TrueJag tror inte att man skall göra detta till juridiskt kineseri.
sv,sv,TrueJag vill kort återgå till Guy Verhofstadts uttalanden.
sv,sv,TrueJag är därför glad över att finansieringen av investeringar inom bostadssektorn, och särskilt inom området för energieffektivitet, alltmer omfattas av strukturfonderna.
sv,sv,TrueKommissionen kan godkänna ändringsförslag 8, 10, 11, 17, 18 och 19 som syftar till att garantera att systemet förverkligas på rätt sätt och att åtgärderna under behandling inte hindrar gemenskapen från att anta ett nytt permanent system för förtida avgång för samtliga institutioner.
sv,sv,TrueLäget i Jemen togs upp i slutsatserna från det första mötet med rådet (utrikes frågor) i EU:s historia.
sv,sv,TrueMed tjänster av allmänt intresse avser man verksamhet som skapas i allmänhetens intresse och därför av myndigheterna förknippas med specifika förpliktelser när det gäller allmänhetens intresse respektive lättnader.
sv,sv,TrueMin andra punkt rör förslaget till konstitution, i vilket arabiska och kurdiska erkänns som officiella språk.
sv,sv,TrueNordkorea drar sig ur icke-spridningsavtalet om kärnvapen, vägrar att låta inspektörerna från Internationella atomenergiorganet göra kontroller och återupptar sitt kärnkraftsprogram.
sv,sv,TrueNär kommissionen väl har godkänts av parlamentet kommer jag att ha befogenhet att göra de justeringar jag anser nödvändiga.
sv,sv,TrueOm EU verkligen menar allvar med förnybara energikällor med sin färdplan måste medlen fördelas mer rättvist, men det finns det inte heller några tecken på det i betänkandet som vi röstar om.
sv,sv,TrueParlamentsledamöterna har påpekat det med stort engagemang och stor talang.
sv,sv,TrueRiktlinjerna rörande gemenskapsbudgeten 1999 visar att samtliga institutioner är redo att ta på sig sitt ansvar i detta avseende.
sv,sv,TrueSlutligen gratulerar och tackar jag föredraganden för att ha tagit frågan på så stort allvar.
sv,sv,TrueSyftet med betänkandet är att lägga fram ett konkret och hållbart förslag för att EU ska kunna bekämpa varumärkesförfalskningen och det är ett mål som jag stöder.
sv,sv,TrueTill följd av debatten har rådet just vänt sig till kommissionen med ett förslag till förordning som syftar till att göra denna viseringskategori ännu säkrare, genom att införliva ett digitalt foto för att se till att innehavaren av passet verkligen är den person som dokumentet utfärdats till.
sv,sv,TrueUnionen skall dessutom göra en intervention där vi klargör vår ståndpunkt om andra länder där vi hyser stor oro om mänskliga rättigheter.
sv,sv,TrueVi anser att man måste göra fler saker, såväl när det gäller pensionssystemen som att öka sysselsättningsnivån i de olika länderna.
sv,sv,TrueVi har släpat efter i fråga om forskning, produktutveckling och innovation och vi kommer att hamna allt längre på efterkälken.
sv,sv,TrueVi sade därför att vi var positivt inställda till kommissionens strategi inför förhandlingarna i Seattle och följande.
sv,sv,TrueVi är för full integration, eftersom detta mål måste vara en drivkraft för reformer och politiska förändringar i viktiga frågor.
sv,sv,Trueför ALDE-gruppen. - (IT) Herr talman, mina damer och herrar! Tack, herr Verheugen, för att ni kom hit, så att vi fick möjlighet att gemensamt diskutera dokumentet.
sv,sv,True– Herr talman, mina damer och herrar! Som vi har hört är det enligt dagens europeiska lagstiftning inte tillåtet för europeiska producenter att använda träspån för att åldra vin.
sv,sv,Trueöver våra gemensamma värden - frihet, demokrati och social rättvisa - och
