bg,bg,True(FR) Г-жо председател, всъщност не исках да говоря по този доклад, а само да добавя една много близка на сърцето ми тема, която съм повдигала няколко пъти на срещи със страните от АКТБ.
bg,bg,True- (ET) В Съвета бяха съгласувани няколко важни въпроса.
bg,bg,TrueАко не упражняваме такъв ефективен контрол върху нелегалната имиграция поради недостатъчно сътрудничество с други страни, поради липса на спогодби за реадмисия, на практика тези граници стават по-слаби.
bg,bg,TrueБлагоприятстващият монопола характер на политиката на ЕС се илюстрира от факта, че 2/3 от общностните средства се насочват към големите предприятия (риболовни дружества, рибни стопанства, преработка), а останалата 1/3 се дава на бедните и обикновени рибари, за да ликвидират лодките си и да напуснат бранша.
bg,bg,TrueВ контекста на криза трябва да използваме възможността да преобразуваме и преквалифицираме пазара на труда, за да се избегнат отрицателни социални последици.
bg,bg,TrueВ тази част на Европа, за съжаление, материалното положение е все още видима пречка за достъп до образование, заетост и участие в културния живот.
bg,bg,TrueВместо това има доклади, че тези хора са подложени на свирепо преследване.
bg,bg,TrueВтората има за цел да се съсредоточи върху няколко градски зони и от там да започне широкомащабни операции срещу Ал Кайда.
bg,bg,TrueВъпреки това повечето от нас считат, че утре ще гласуваме в подкрепа на докладчика и с това ще изпратим ясно послание към Комисията и Съвета.
bg,bg,TrueГ-жо председател, както знаете, Европейският съюз приветства обещанието на президента Обама да закрие затвора Гуантанамо.
bg,bg,TrueГжо Председател, бих искал да се върна към казаното от г-н Watson.
bg,bg,TrueДлъжността на върховния представител, докато все още съществува, беше подкопана, а авторитетът на международната общност беше отслабен.
bg,bg,TrueДържавите-членки обаче следва да бъдат настоятелно призовани максимално да оползотворяват структурните фондове за насърчаване или създаване на работни места в малките и средни предприятия.
bg,bg,TrueЕдна от точките е посветена на превенцията.
bg,bg,TrueЗа бедствията действително няма национални граници.
bg,bg,TrueЗатова приветствам общата паспортна система, която ще хармонизира хигиенните мерки и контрола, което ще улесни свободното движение на домашни любимци.
bg,bg,TrueИкономическата криза го удари в момент, когато той не беше напълно възстановен от преживените през 2007 г. трудности.
bg,bg,TrueИскам да кажа, че това е доклад, който се основава на принципа на субсидиарност.
bg,bg,TrueКакво се постигна на тези преговори?
bg,bg,TrueКогато се установяват такива задължения, освен фактори като икономическо развитие и природни дадености, важно е да се вземе предвид също така и до каква степен са изпълнени ангажиментите от Киото до момента.
bg,bg,TrueКрайно време е държавата да предприеме конкретни стъпки към демократизация, изграждане на гражданско общество и зачитане на правата на човека по-специално свободата на изразяване и сдружаване.
bg,bg,TrueМного е важно да продължим тези срещи на високо равнище със социалните партньори и държавите-членки с цел обмен на най-добри практики.
bg,bg,TrueНаближаваме наистина последното гласуване - разрешете ми да изкажа с няколко думи личната си благодарност към вас за вашето доверие и за приятелството, което така дълго ми засвидетелствахте.
bg,bg,TrueНакрая бих искала да поздравя и двамата автори за отлично подготвените доклади.
bg,bg,TrueНе зная дали това ще ни бъде забавно преди изборите, но поне е принос към една наистина важна тема.
bg,bg,TrueНещо повече, искам също така да кажа, че предложенията внасят известна добавена стойност в сравнение с настоящия механизъм.
bg,bg,TrueНякои национални политици, нека погледнем реално, не подкрепят по-координирания подход в икономическата политика.
bg,bg,TrueОбщ бюджет за финансовата 2011 година (срок за внасяне на проектоизменения)
bg,bg,TrueОсновните рискове са от заразяване с бяс, ехинококоза и болести, пренасяни от кърлежи.
bg,bg,TrueОчаквах да разискваме сътрудничеството на Европейския съюз с Китай за реформи в световната финансова система, имайки предвид балансираната и конструктивна позиция на Китай, особено сега, преди срещата на върха на Г-20 в Лондон.
bg,bg,TrueПо отношение на действията от страна на Съюза, на който бяха прехвърлени значителни правомощия от държавите-членки, това дава възможност да се гарантира защитата на обществеността подобно на вече съществуващата по отношение на държавите-членки.
bg,bg,TrueПоложението не е по-добро и във връзка с предоставянето на информация, тъй като радиопрограмите - с изключение на държавното радио - ще трябва да се излъчват първо на езика на малцинството и после още веднъж изцяло, но вече преведени.
bg,bg,TrueПредвид това през 2006 г. Парламентът мъдро установи, че средства от Европейския социален фонд могат да бъдат изплащани и под формата на микрокредити или заеми, както е предвидено в член 11 от Регламента за Европейския социален фонд.
bg,bg,TrueПри тези условия държавите-членки в еврозоната, както и всички държави-членки ще срещнат трудности да отговорят на критериите за сближаване.
bg,bg,TrueПървият е равен достъп до икономически ресурси, а вторият - равен достъп до управлението на обществения живот.
bg,bg,TrueРазбира се, членовете на Парламента са свободни да го оспорят, но аз считам, че докъдето и да стигнем в този процес, много важно е да има правна сигурност.
bg,bg,TrueСамо си помислете за екологично чистите или за медицинските технологии, или например за нарастващия в Европа сектор на компютърните игри, в които конкретната подкрепа се оказва ефективна.
bg,bg,TrueСледващата точка е време за въпроси (B6-0231/2009).
bg,bg,TrueСпоред нас, това е най-малкото, което можем да осигурим на европейските граждани и потребители.
bg,bg,TrueСчитам, че това е положително развитие.
bg,bg,TrueСъществува впечатлението, че европейските фермери са единствените, които са обезпокоени.
bg,bg,TrueТака че, намирайки се между тези две крайности, какво следва да правим?
bg,bg,TrueТо ще бъде представено през следващата седмица, така че това, което започнахме днес, ще продължи и в бъдеше.
bg,bg,TrueТова е сериозно неизпълнение на Договора, и с цялото ми уважение, превръща изявлението на Съвета преди малко в откъс от научно-фантастична книга.
bg,bg,TrueТова също ще бъде обсъдено на среща с украинските органи само след няколко седмици.
bg,bg,TrueТой каза, че в алтернативното предложение са заличени четири параграфа от неговата първоначална резолюция, а това не е вярно: сменена е само номерацията.
bg,bg,TrueТрябва само да погледнете последиците от прилагането на безразборните критерии на пакта за стабилност, както и на либерализацията и приватизацията на стратегически сектори на обществените услуги, включително финансовите услуги, енергетиката, транспорта и пощенските услуги.
bg,bg,TrueФормалностите във връзка с наемането на първите служители биха могли да се уреждат на "едно гише", като се усъвършенстват плановете за повишаване на активността - по-конкретно, за нискоквалифицираните лица - чрез предоставяне на индивидуални консултации, интензивно обучение на работниците или преквалификация, повишаване на квалификацията на работниците и така нататък.
bg,bg,Trueв писмена форма. - (EN) Вместо "бързо" споразумение SWIFT, към което се стремяха Комисията и администрацията на САЩ, включването на Парламента ги накара да преговарят за "добро" споразумение SWIFT.
bg,bg,TrueРазискването на бюджета на Общността трябва да се проведе спешно, но считаме, че финансовата рамка след 2013 г. следва да се основава на солидарност и териториално сближаване, като това е от жизненоважно значение за региони като Мадейра, които са изправени пред постоянни трудности и поради това се нуждаят от постоянна подкрепа.
cs,cs,True(Podrobnosti o výsledku hlasování: viz zápis)
cs,cs,True3. prosince se představitelé 107 zemí, které v květnu tohoto roku přijaly Úmluvu o kazetové munici, setkají v Oslu k jejímu podpisu.
cs,cs,TrueAčkoli je údajně nejvyšší prioritou Evropské centrální banky omezení inflace, dosáhne letos její míra 3,6 %.
cs,cs,TrueBylo zde zmíněno, že toto soutěžení nebylo příliš velké, alespoň ne dosud.
cs,cs,TrueDalší pacienti utrpěli komplikace, které taktéž ohrozily jejich životy.
cs,cs,TrueDodávají strategii Evropa 2020 politické poselství, jemuž každý rozumí a proti kterému nikdo nemá námitky. Je to zaměstnanost, vzdělání, inovace, životní prostředí a sociální začlenění.
cs,cs,TrueDovolte mi, abych jenom řekl, že o podmínkách se diskutuje z vládami a všemi členskými státy v Radě, aby nebyly uvalovány jednostranně.
cs,cs,TrueDůraz kladený na potřebu nediskriminace při uplatňování nařízení je obzvláště vítán, protože není pochyb, že musíme bojovat s nezákonným, nehlášeným a neregulovaným rybolovem celosvětově, a opatření EU jsou důležitým krokem tímto směrem.
cs,cs,TrueFSA vykládá svůj přehled pravidel tajně; nechává si pokuty, které ukládá, aby si jeho úředníci vylepšili platy a penze; neexistuje zde žádný odvolací soud.
cs,cs,TrueI v případě plánované směrnice Solventnost II Komise a zpravodaj podporují neúspěšnou koncepci samoregulace.
cs,cs,TrueJde o současnou jednotu i rozmanitost center excelence neboli pôles d'excellence a o specifické postavení jiných regionů a míst, které mají své vlastní přednosti a mnohotvárnost.
cs,cs,TrueJe tu tedy hodně zajímavých věcí.
cs,cs,TrueJeho postavení by však mohlo být ohroženo, pokud by se jeho konkurenti uchýlili k nekalým obchodním praktikám nebo nedodržovali práva duševního vlastnictví.
cs,cs,TrueJsem přesvědčen, že vedoucí role Evropy v energetické účinnosti a šetrném využívání zdrojů prospěje nejen životnímu prostředí, ale také naší zaměstnanosti.
cs,cs,TrueK tomu, co již paní komisařka řekla, bych rád dodal, že 34 % (takové jsou údaje, je však třeba zjistit, zda jsou tyto statistické údaje realistické či nikoli), nicméně v zásadě 34 % obětí protipěchotních nášlapných min ponechaných v zemi ve státech, kde proběhla válka, jsou děti, což činí tuto záležitost ještě závažnější.
cs,cs,TrueKomise koncem května představí svůj návrh, jak takový systém finančního dohledu v Evropě zorganizovat.
cs,cs,TrueLord Bethell byl kolega a přítel, který jednal podle svého přesvědčení a stanovoval měřítka.
cs,cs,TrueMusíme také vzít v úvahu situaci zemí jako je Polsko, jehož energetika je z větší části založena na uhlí.
cs,cs,TrueMísto toho je ve snaze zapojit je do struktur spolupráce Evropské unie zatěžujeme větší mírou byrokracie a vytvářením kapacity.
cs,cs,TrueNa této důvěryhodnosti se zakládá náš požadavek, aby předsednictví Rady a Komise aktivně zapojily tuto sněmovnu do reformních řešení, a k tomu musí být splněny tři cíle.
cs,cs,TrueNemůžete bojovat proti terorismu právními předpisy pro boj proti terorismu, které vyvolávají stejný pocit nejistoty.
cs,cs,TrueNyní je zřejmé, že navzdory nasazení EU v oblasti rozvojové politiky a tomu, že EU je největším poskytovatelem rozvojové pomoci na světě, není vždy mezi politikami EU účinné propojení, a to znesnadňuje dosažení rozvojových cílů tisíciletí.
cs,cs,TrueObě z výše uvedených oblastí jsou zanedbávané, vzhledem k skutečnosti, že nejsou jednoznačně identifikované.
cs,cs,TruePan Rehn nazval eurozónu něčím jako hodnotou samo v sobě a potom hovořil o krizi v Řecku.
cs,cs,TruePevně však věřím, že znění spojené se stupni vzdělání a diplomy zůstane nedotčeno.
cs,cs,TruePokud by se pomoc automobilovým společnostem, určená na obnovu, zdála někomu příliš nákladná, krach některých těchto společností by stál EU mnohem a mnohem více.
cs,cs,TruePožadavek výboru na registraci s cílem získat přístup k informacím je závažným porušením soukromí všech občanů, ať už jsou to zemědělci, novináři nebo učitelé dětí v mateřské škole.
cs,cs,TrueProto je mi velmi líto, že se návštěva delegace nemohla uskutečnit.
cs,cs,TrueProváděcí opatření (článek 88 jednacího řádu): viz zápis
cs,cs,TruePřesně to tvrdila Evropská komise v roce 2001.
cs,cs,TrueRozhodnutí o určitých dokumentech: viz zápis
cs,cs,TrueSamozřejmě Evropská služba pro vnější činnost bude v této oblasti klíčovým činitelem.
cs,cs,TrueSouhlasím se zpravodajem, pokud jde o jeho posouzení přezkumu kritérií pro klasifikaci znevýhodněných oblastí, který začal v roce 2005.
cs,cs,TrueStávající praxe pravidelného politického dialogu v plénu a ve Výboru pro zahraniční věci je nutné zachovat i ve zdvojené funkci, kterou bude vykonávat jedna osoba.
cs,cs,TrueTaké tuto úpravu budeme muset řádně a důkladně připravit ve spolupráci s vnitrostátními parlamenty.
cs,cs,TrueTo je rovněž stanovisko zpravodajky, a proto jsem hlasoval pro přijetí této zprávy.
cs,cs,TrueTrvali jsme rovněž na tom - a paní Martensová to právě uvedla -, že mezi různými evropskými politikami musí existovat reálná soudržnost.
cs,cs,TrueV Evropské radě především vyslechneme předsedu vlády (Taoiseach), pana Briana Cowena, který podá vysvětlení okolností okolo výsledku referenda a důvodů takového závěru.
cs,cs,TrueV této chvíli je to zjevně obtížné, ale velice potřebné, a já doufám, že časem tento typ ratifikace budeme mít.
cs,cs,TrueVelmi málo hlav států v Evropě udělalo pro podporu práv žen víc než vy, pane Zapatero, a Evropský parlament vám za vaše úsilí v této oblasti dluží poděkování.
cs,cs,TrueVážená paní předsedající, dámy a pánové, jako lékař bojuji proti AIDS již 21 let, a každý rok slyším stále stejné rozpravy.
cs,cs,TrueVšichni bychom chtěli, aby jí v celé EU bylo více.
cs,cs,TrueZa třetí, co se týče pravidelných schůzí společné zahraniční a bezpečnostní politiky konaných podle Meziinstitucionální dohody ze 17. května 2006 o rozpočtové kázni a zdravém finančním řízení, Rozpočtový výbor je toho názoru, že by tyto schůze mohly být daleko lépe využity vyhodnocením plánovaných opatření v oblasti společné zahraniční a bezpečnostní politiky a středně a dlouhodobých strategií Evropské unie v zemích mimo EU a také tím, že připraví stanovisko rozpočtového orgánu ještě před smírčí schůzí.
cs,cs,TrueZe všeho nejvíce ale, mí drazí kolegové, počítám s vaší spoluprací.
cs,cs,TrueZároveň však musíme brát do úvahy přítomnost nevyřešených konfliktů.
cs,cs,Truepísemně. (RO) Domnívám se, že zavedení jednotných kritérií zjednoduší realizaci režimu plateb pro přírodně znevýhodněné oblasti napříč celou Evropskou unií a zároveň přinese větší transparentnost a jednotné zacházení s příjemci těchto režimů podpory.
cs,cs,Truepísemně. - Tato zpráva se zabývá významnou slabinou stávajícího právního rámce.
cs,cs,TrueČinnost je pro občany často neznámá, státní politika ji nepodporuje a mentalita lidí tuto činnost nepodporuje.
cs,cs,TrueJe ovšem také zřejmé, že tento přechod je možný.
da,da,True- og ikke som der står i den franske udgave , da der er fuld enighed om, at ændringsforslaget lige nøjagtig har til formål at lade bl.a. disse ord udgå.
da,da,TrueAngående oksekød anses dette udgangspunkt ligeledes af et stort flertal af delegationerne for brugbart, også her med forbehold for omfanget af interventionsprisreduktionen og størrelsen af udligningsgodtgørelsen.
da,da,TrueCentralt i denne strategiske energiplan, og jeg er bange for, at Laperrouze-betænkningen heller ikke rammer det rigtige, er den gamle energisammensætning af kul og atomkraft, og der sættes endnu engang ekstremt skarpt fokus på det nukleare område.
da,da,TrueDe politiske beslutningstagere skal også kunne drages til ansvar.
da,da,TrueDen er et vigtigt element, som imidlertid er blevet negligeret tidligere. Udvidelserne har tidligere været vellykkede, men i 2004 blev Unionen udvidet uden at være blevet uddybet forinden eller i samme forbindelse.
da,da,TrueDenne begivenhed skal fremhæve alt det, der forener os, og vores fælles værdier og principper.
da,da,TrueDer er mange i Parlamentet, som føler, at spørgsmålene her er meget væsentlige, da de alle vedrører sikring af EU-borgernes interesser og rettigheder. Denne betænkning klarlægger mange af punkterne som f.eks. indskudsgarantiordningen.
da,da,TrueDerfor er det vigtigt, at vi da virkelig garanterer visse grundlæggende rettigheder.
da,da,TrueDesuden er gennemførelsen af den foreløbige stabilitets- og associeringsaftale også på rette spor.
da,da,TrueDet drejer sig f.eks. om plastisk kunst, brugskunst og virtuel kunst (visuel kunst og multimedier), musik og kunstneriske udtryksformer (eksisterende og kommende).
da,da,TrueDet er en ringe hjælp, at vi diskuterer her i Europa-Parlamentet eller i EuropaKommissionen.
da,da,TrueDet er jeg ikke enig i, fordi jeg ikke finder det bevist ud fra de prøver og den forskning, som er gennemført i medlemsstaterne på foranledning af Kommissionen - primært af Levnedsmiddel- og Veterinærkontoret - at de aktuelle kontrolforanstaltninger vedrørende kød- og benmel er tilstrækkeligt sikre.
da,da,TrueDet er sandt, at det søger at finde vejen til Europa, ligesom det er sandt, at vejen til demokratiet ikke er let, især når et land mangler demokratiske traditioner.
da,da,TrueDet glæder mig at høre Dem sige, at De mener, udstationeringsdirektivet skal forbedres, for en af de ting, vi ønsker, er en revidering af dette direktiv for i det mindste at belyse, hvordan kollektive aftaler kan anvendes til at etablere minimumsvilkår og -betingelser, og at sige, hvordan kollektive aktioner kan bruges til at beskytte disse rettigheder.
da,da,TrueDet var en lærdom fra Europa, der virkede i Irland.
da,da,TrueDette er altså en tosidig dynamisk proces.
da,da,TrueDét forslag består dog i - og jeg er glad for at have medvirket til det - at Det Europæiske Råd udvælger den person, der skal foreslås, på baggrund af valgresultaterne.
da,da,TrueEndelig omfatter kapitlet "Andre aktiviteter" vurdering af innovative koncepter og udvikling af bedre og sikrere processer på kerneenergiområdet, uddannelse i strålingsbeskyttelse og forbedring af sikkerheden i eksisterende anlæg til et samlet beløb af 50 millioner euro.
da,da,TrueFlere medlemmer af Europa-Parlamentet har arbejdet sammen med mig i kampen mod diktatur og korruption.
da,da,TrueFor min skyld kan vi hurtigt indføre disse redskaber som ekstraredskaber.
da,da,TrueGangesdeltaet stiger som følge af alluviale dannelser.
da,da,TrueHovedprincippet, som ofte er blevet diskuteret her i Parlamentet, er, at forbrugerbeskyttelsesniveauet skal være så højt som muligt.
da,da,TrueHr. formand, i går var jeg til stede her i salen og talte om spørgsmålet om et europæisk luftfartssikkerhedsagentur og bemærkede, at den måde, hvorpå man ville nå dette mål, var ved en gradvis integration af de nationale systemer.
da,da,TrueHvad er det, vi ønsker?
da,da,TrueHvorfor har vi ikke fået tilrettelagt vor dagsorden for i dag noget bedre?
da,da,TrueI denne forbindelse er det vigtigt at huske på, hvad der er sket i Europa i de seneste uger, hvor vi har en økonomisk krise, hvis lige vi sjældent har været vidner til.
da,da,TrueIkkemuslimer, kristne, medlemmer af den ortodokse katolske kirke og protestanter forfølges, fordi de ikke har lov til at bygge kirker.
da,da,TrueJeg håber derfor, at Kommissionen vil være meget opmærksom på Parlamentets forslag, og at den tager omhyggeligt højde for Imbenis betænkning under den omstrukturering, der skal finde sted, så ECHO bliver stadig mere hensigtsmæssig og stadig mere effektiv, når det gælder aktionerne til fordel for de svagest stillede områder og befolkninger.
da,da,TrueJeg må desværre øjeblikkeligt forlade salen.
da,da,TrueJeg tror, at der skal træffes et helt arsenal af foranstaltninger for at løse problemet, særlig i form af afgifter.
da,da,TrueJeg vil gerne takke alle, der har deltaget i dagens debat.
da,da,TrueKan Kommissionen komme med en fornuftig begrundelse i sit svar?
da,da,TrueMange tak for Deres svar, hr. Monti.
da,da,TrueMen alligevel er det her lykkedes Kommissionen at producere noget, som vi egentlig ikke ville have.
da,da,TrueMen jeg vil særlig gerne bede om mine kollegers støtte til de ændringer, med hvilke vi forsøger at fastlægge krav til kulfyrede kraftværker i fremtiden.
da,da,TrueNoget andet er de små industrier i de bymæssige bebyggelser, de små produktionsværksteder, som generer borgerne usædvanlig meget. Navnlig generer støjen fra diskoteker, ambulancer og vejtrafikken samt støj i forbindelse med en ikke hensynsfuld optræden over for naboer.
da,da,TrueOmkostningerne er ikke nye - de har eksisteret i et godt stykke tid.
da,da,TruePå samme måde ved vi hver især, at fortidens ideologier hver for sig ikke har kunnet opfylde disse behov.
da,da,TrueSelv om topmødet mellem EU og Canada i Prag i 2009 bekræftede partnernes fælles mål om at sikre den fri bevægelighed for personer i fuld sikkerhed mellem EU og Canada, er vi nu i 2010, og intet er ændret.
da,da,TrueSpørgsmålet om MAI behøver yderligere og tydelige granskninger, hvorved Europa-Parlamentets rolle må ses som en vigtig del i en sådan granskning.
da,da,TrueTi år efter det første udbrud af Lissabonhysteri er dette desværre den nye opskrift, som er i fare for at blive til en slankekur for europæisk økonomi.
da,da,TrueUdviklingen af partnerskaber mellem den offentlige og den private sektor kan ligeledes være med til at afhjælpe situationer, hvor der konstateres et uddannelsesmæssigt underskud.
da,da,TrueVi går ikke på kompromis med folk, der kun tænker på egen vinding, manipulation og andre former for gemenhed.
da,da,TrueVi insisterer i hvert fald på, at målsætningerne i traktaten respekteres ved integrationen af Schengen-aftalen i traktaten, og at ligevægten mellem effektiviteten af politiets optræden og respekten for grundlæggende rettigheder og retsstaten genoprettes.
da,da,TrueVi opstiller med denne betænkning principperne for at handle og samarbejde med verdens regioner.
da,da,TrueVi, De Liberale, og alle grupper i Parlamentet, tror jeg, vil fuldt ud støtte Rumænien i at opnå dette, men det er Rumænien, der skal gøre det meste af arbejdet.
da,da,True- Hr. formand, , sport og borgerskab, det var sloganet for det catalanske selvstyre under den anden spanske republik.
de,de,True1999 wurde festgestellt, dass diese Probleme in Spanien, Italien und Griechenland besonders gravierend sind.
de,de,TrueAuch künftig, das sage ich hier ganz unumwunden, wird das der größte Knackpunkt sein.
de,de,TrueAußerdem werden durch dieses System die Schwierigkeiten der Kleinbetriebe weiter verschärft, und es verstärkt somit die Abwanderung aus dem ländlichen Raum insbesondere in Südeuropa.
de,de,TrueDa keine Einigung mit der Kommission erzielt werden konnte, musste der Ausschuss seine Position bekräftigen, deshalb handelt es sich hier nicht um einen neuen Bericht, auf den Artikel 52 Absatz 3 erneut angewandt werden könnte, sondern um die Bestätigung des ersten Berichts.
de,de,TrueDamit werden diese Länder unbeschränkten Zugang zu den EU-Märkten erhalten.
de,de,TrueDas Europäische Parlament sollte ein objektiver Beobachter sein, da wir die Verhandlungen mit einer Vereinbarung enden sehen wollen, was den Beitritt der Türkei zur EU vereinfachen würde.
de,de,TrueDen vierten und fünften Aspekt meiner Frage haben Sie nicht beantwortet, und ich werde Sie nicht darum bitten, aber Sie haben von Flexibilität gesprochen, und ich würde gern wissen, wie die Kommission ihre Flexibilität misst.
de,de,TrueDer Rat beschließt einstimmig über alle Vorschriften und Bedingungen, die die Steuerregelung für die Mitglieder oder ehemaligen Mitglieder betreffen.“
de,de,TrueDes Weiteren hat der Vertreter der Kommission in deren Namen eine Position vertreten, die erstens falsch und zweitens inakzeptabel ist, weil sie alle heute im internationalen Finanzbereich außerhalb des Terrorismus betriebenen unrechtmäßigen Praktiken, angefangen von der Finanzierung des Drogenhandels und der Korruption, mit Stillschweigen übergeht.
de,de,TrueDie Armut von Frauen ist kein Naturgesetz und sollte es auch nicht sein.
de,de,TrueDie Hartnäckigkeit der Epidemie wirft eine erschreckende Frage auf: gibt es nicht vielleicht andere Wege zur Übertragung der Krankheit als die, die wir bisher entdeckt haben, nämlich die Verfütterung von Tiermehl und die Übertragung durch das Muttertier?
de,de,TrueDie Obrigkeit hat nun angekündigt, in diesem Jahr das erste Mal seit 1990 Wahlen abzuhalten.
de,de,TrueDie bei der Finanzierung geltende Regel "n+2 " sollte bestehen bleiben.
de,de,TrueDie Änderungsanträge 2 und 4 sehen eine Streichung der Verweise auf die reproduktiven Rechte vor, die durch einen Verweis auf die elementare Gesundheitsfürsorge ersetzt werden sollen.
de,de,TrueDiese Vereinbarung besagt, dass die Kommission, nachdem das Europäische Parlament eine Anfrage zu einer Gesetzesinitiative erhalten hat, innerhalb eines Monats antworten und innerhalb eines Jahres eine geeignete europäische Rechtsvorschrift erarbeiten muss.
de,de,TrueEine Welt, in der 900 Mrd. Dollar für militärische Zwecke, aber nur 325 Mrd. Dollar für Agrarsubventionen und lediglich 60 Mrd. für Entwicklungshilfe aufgewendet werden, ist nicht gerade dazu angetan, ein langes Leben zu fördern.
de,de,TrueEs folgt eine kurze Anmerkung von Herrn James Elles.
de,de,TrueEs ist geradezu ironisch, dass dieses Parlament diesen Bericht annimmt, während es gleichzeitig einige der in den Mitgliedstaaten demokratisch getroffenen Entscheidungen vollkommen ignoriert.
de,de,TrueEs sollten rasch Maßnahmen ergriffen werden, um das Programm 2000 zu ergänzen und zu beschleunigen, so wie dies die USA im Falle von Biokraftstoff getan haben. In diesem Land beträgt nun der Anteil des Biokraftstoffs 10 % am Kraftstoffverbrauch, und jedes Jahr werden 70 Millionen Tonnen Biokraftstoff produziert.
de,de,TrueFrau Präsidentin, Frau Kommissarin, meine Damen und Herren! Gestatten Sie mir die Tatsache herauszustellen, dass wir heute über den ersten Bericht des Ausschusses für Landwirtschaft und ländliche Entwicklung, der dem ordentlichen Gesetzgebungsverfahren, so wie es im Vertrag von Lissabon festgelegt ist, unterliegt, debattieren.
de,de,TrueGemeinsam können die beiden Handelsblöcke die Funktion eines Motors zur Ingangsetzung jener Beratungen erfüllen, die geführt werden müssen, um endlich zum Abschluß eines multilateralen Handelsabkommens zu gelangen.
de,de,TrueHerr Kommissar, im Gegensatz zu den Vorurteilen Ihres illustren Kreises von Wissenschaftlern ist niemand mehr als die Fischer selbst an der Erhaltung der Fischbestände interessiert, denn diese stellen ihre Lebensgrundlage, ihr Erbe sowie die Zukunft ihrer Kindern dar.
de,de,TrueHerr Präsident, lieber Herr Kommissar, liebe Kolleginnen und Kollegen!
de,de,TrueIch bitte noch um Ihre Aufmerksamkeit für zwei weitere Punkte.
de,de,TrueIch habe für diesen Vorschlag gestimmt, weil ich glaube, dass diese Angelegenheit für Portugal von großer Wichtigkeit ist, und besonders für seine Regionen in Randlage, die für die gegenwärtige Krise besonders anfällig sind, da sie deren Wirkungen stärker spüren und länger benötigen, um sich davon zu erholen.
de,de,TrueIch möchte dies betonen, weil die Dinge meiner Überzeugung nach völlig anders hätten laufen können, wenn man in einem früheren Stadium willens gewesen wäre, mit den beteiligten Parteien Gespräche aufzunehmen.
de,de,TrueIch weise nur auf einige der Faktoren hin, die das Leben erschweren: Höhe und vor allem Hangneigung, aufgrund derer die Mechanisierung der Landwirtschaft schwierig ist, Zerstückelung der bewirtschafteten Flächen, geringere Fruchtbarkeit der Böden, Abwanderung der Bevölkerung und Überalterung der verbleibenden Bevölkerung, Probleme des Kommunikationsund Verkehrswesens, Entfernungen von den Siedlungsgebieten, ständige Gefährdung der Umwelt - und damit bestehende Ungewißheiten auch bei der Zukunftsplanung - sowie fehlende Basisinfrastrukturen wie Schulen, Straßen und soziale Einrichtungen.
de,de,TrueIm Gegensatz zu Luft und Wasser ist der Wald nicht grenzüberschreitend.
de,de,TrueIn den Änderungsanträgen 2 und 7 wird vorgeschlagen, die Verpflichtung zur schriftlichen Meldung der Abfallsituation an Bord auf Fischereifahrzeuge von über 15 Metern Länge auszudehnen.
de,de,TrueIst die Kommission bereit, ähnliche Maßnahmen in anderen Regionen vorzuschlagen?
de,de,TrueLeider habe ich darauf niemals eine Antwort erhalten.
de,de,TrueMir ist sehr wohl bewusst, dass an sich die Rotationsbrache ja auch ein ökologisch positives Element ist, weil man hier die Vorfruchtwirkung von Leguminosen ausnutzen kann.
de,de,TrueNatürlich wäre es nützlich, wenn in allen Mitgliedstaaten ähnliche gesetzliche Vorschriften für die Finanzbuchhaltung gelten würden. Darauf werden wir aber wohl noch warten müssen.
de,de,TrueSchließlich möchte ich darauf hinweisen, wie äußerst wichtig es ist, dass wir in Europa die Führung mit dem Argument übernehmen, dass dies nicht unbedingt zu fallenden Lebensstandards - weder in der reichen noch in der armen Welt - führen muss.
de,de,TrueSie können sich bei der Verteilstelle eine Kopie davon abholen.
de,de,TrueSpäter werden wir das Problem der Rückwürfe erörtern, für das durch eine Kombination verschiedener Maßnahmen vielleicht der Beginn einer Lösung gefunden werden kann.
de,de,TrueVerfasser. - Frau Präsidentin, Herr Kommissar, liebe Kollegen! Mit dem Vertrag von Lissabon schlagen wir ein neues Kapitel der Zusammenarbeit zwischen Kommission, Rat und Parlament auf.
de,de,TrueWas nun die Lösung hinsichtlich der restlichen 5 % anbelangt, so gibt es etwas, das sich in Nizza zeigte und sich jetzt bestätigt hat, nämlich dass die Methoden, eine ganze Nacht hindurch zu verhandeln und zu feilschen, das Problem nicht lösen.
de,de,TrueWenn diese einmal erteilt ist, können die Mitgliedstaaten sie nur unter sehr begrenzten und genau geregelten Bedingungen wieder entziehen.
de,de,TrueWir Sozialdemokraten glauben, dass es für jeden wichtig ist, einen Lohn garantiert zu bekommen, von dem man leben kann, und wir sind der Überzeugung, dass die EU dies unterstützen soll.
de,de,TrueWir hoffen, dass der Europäische Rat unsere Vorschläge für eine gemeinsame europäische Antwort auf diese Herausforderungen mittragen wird.
de,de,TrueWir müssen unsere Politiken eindeutig überdenken, aber das wird nicht ausreichen.
de,de,TrueWir unterstützen das Programm, sehen seine schwache Mittelausstattung aber kritisch.
de,de,TrueZur zweiten Frage möchte ich anmerken, dass die griechische Ratspräsidentschaft, insbesondere in Anbetracht des sich aus den Entwicklungen im asiatischen Raum ergebenden Drucks durch das organisierte Verbrechen und die illegalen Einwanderer, bereits vor anderthalb Jahr in einem Schreiben von Ministerpräsident Simitis ihren Standpunkt dargelegt hat, wonach es im Hinblick auf den schrittweisen Aufbau eines europäischen Grenzschutzes notwendig ist, gemeinsame Grenzschutzkorps einzurichten.
de,de,TrueDa die Fragestunde beendet ist, werden die Fragen 55 bis 94 schriftlich beantwortet(2).
de,de,TrueWir haben bereits eines oder zwei pro Jahr - aber ich werde überprüfen, ob das ausreicht - zwischen allen Akteuren in den Mitgliedstaaten, manchmal sogar in den Regionen, die für das SOLVIT-Projekt verantwortlich sind.
el,el,True(DE) Κύριε Πρόεδρε, θέλω να εκμεταλλευτώ αυτήν την ευκαιρία για να επισημάνω δύο βασικά σημεία σε αυτές τις δύο εκθέσεις.
el,el,True(SV) Ποιες είναι οι συνέπειες για τους Λετονούς της πενηντάχρονης σοβιετικής κατοχής; Γιατί ένα μεγάλο κομμάτι του ρωσόφωνου πληθυσμού δεν θέλει να κάνει αίτηση πολιτογράφησης; Ποιος είναι ο ρόλος της Ρωσίας σε όλα αυτά; " Λετονία χρειάζεται την υποστήριξή μας, όχι την καταδίκη μας, προκειμένου να μπορέσει να ενθαρρύνει τους άνευ ιθαγενείας κατοίκους τους να υποβάλλουν αιτήσεις πολιτογράφησης.
el,el,TrueO Tύπος μιλάει πολύ για αυτό - όπως άλλωστε περιμέναμε -, αλλά η πρώτη παρουσίαση των εγγράφων θα γίνει αύριο ενώπιον του Σώματος, ώστε τα αξιότιμα μέλη του Eυρωπαϊκού Kοινοβουλίου να είναι αυτά που θα ξεκινήσουν τη συζήτηση πριν από όλους τους άλλους ευρωπαϊκούς θεσμούς.
el,el,TrueΈνας σημαντικός αριθμός αναγνωρισμένων ακτιβιστών απελευθερώθηκαν το 2005 και το 2006.
el,el,TrueΈχω υπόψη μου την πρόταση για την ενσωμάτωση της αρχής της ίσης μεταχείρισης των δύο φύλων στα καθήκοντα της Ένωσης. Παραπέμπω στην πρόταση για την απαγόρευση των διακρίσεων λόγω φύλου, μέσω μίας νέας ρήτρας κατά των διακρίσεων, δεδομένου ότι η ισότητα αποτελεί θεμελιώδες δικαίωμα.
el,el,TrueΌμως, από εκείνη τη στιγμή, έχω διαπιστώσει ότι μια ολόκληρη σειρά συναδέλφων που είχαν σκοπό να συμμετάσχουν σε αυτή τη συζήτηση, δήλωσαν ότι θα απουσιάσουν.
el,el,TrueΑκούσαμε πολλές συζητήσεις για τα ανθρώπινα δικαιώματα, λες και η καταπολέμηση της τρομοκρατίας και η πίστη στα ανθρώπινα δικαιώματα είναι ασύμβατες.
el,el,TrueΑντ&#x02BC;αυτού πρέπει να εργαζόμαστε περισσότερο προς την κατεύθυνση εκείνη η οποία, μεταξύ άλλων, έχει διατυπωθεί στην Λευκή Βίβλο η οποία κατετέθη στο Κοινοβούλιο για την αναζωογόνηση των σιδηροδρόμων της Ευρώπης.
el,el,TrueΑς συνεχίσουμε να συνεργαζόμαστε για να αποδείξουμε ότι είμαστε πραγματικά άξιοι της εμπιστοσύνης αυτής.
el,el,TrueΑυτό δεν διασφαλίζεται σε όλα τα κράτη μέλη για τις περιπτώσεις που βρίσκονται κάτω από τα κατώτατα όρια.
el,el,TrueΓι' αυτό πιστεύω ότι αυτή η έκθεση να πρέπει να παραπεμφθεί εκ νέου στην επιτροπή.
el,el,TrueΓια τον λόγο αυτόν, απογοητεύτηκα κάπως με το απειροελάχιστο ποσό που επενδύεται στη γεωργία και τη δασοκομία στο πλαίσιο της στρατηγικής της Ευρώπης για το 2020.
el,el,TrueΔεν θα εκφέρω γνώμη όσον αφορά ολόκληρη την Ευρώπη, αλλά, προσωπικά, θα είμαι πιο επιφυλακτικός όσον αφορά τη Γαλλία.
el,el,TrueΕάν η Επιτροπή μπορούσε να ερευνήσει περαιτέρω, θα διαπίστωνε τεράστιες διαφορές στις παρεχόμενες υπηρεσίες.
el,el,TrueΕίναι επίσης γενικά παραδεκτό ότι η στρατιωτική χούντα ευθύνεται για αλλεπάλληλες παραβιάσεις των ανθρωπίνων δικαιωμάτων, συμπεριλαμβανομένης της βάναυσης μεταχείρισης των βουδιστών μοναχών που διαμαρτυρήθηκαν κατά του καθεστώτος.
el,el,TrueΕγώ ο ίδιος έχω χαρακτηρίσει το γεγονός ως πραγματικό σκάνδαλο.
el,el,TrueΕμείς την αναγνωρίζουμε.
el,el,TrueΕπειδή όμως οι ευθύνες είναι μεγάλες και άνισα καταμερισμένες, προκαλεί φυσικά θλίψη το μικρό μέγεθος του ταμείου.
el,el,TrueΕυτυχώς, η Εθνική Τράπεζα της Ρουμανίας διαθέτει επίσης πολύ μεγάλο αριθμό επαγγελματιών και η πορεία της κατά τη διάρκεια της τρέχουσας οικονομικής κρίσης ήταν άψογη.
el,el,TrueΗ Ιταλική Προεδρία θέλησε επίσης το ίδιο το Συμβούλιο των Υπουργών να εξετάσει τις εργασίες αναθεώρησης της Σύμβασης των Βρυξελλών για τη δικονομική αρμοδιότητα, την αναγνώριση και την εκτέλεση των αποφάσεων ξένων χωρών στον τομέα του ισχύοντος ακόμη και τώρα οικογενειακού δικαίου.
el,el,TrueΗ ιρλανδική κυβέρνηση έχει ήδη εκφράσει τα αισθήματά της για το θέμα αυτό και θα αναλάβει κατάλληλη δράση.
el,el,TrueΗ σημασία της Μακεδονίας είναι πολλαπλάσια της σχετικά μικρής έκτασης αυτού του βαλκανικού κρατιδίου, είναι η πρώτη φορά που κατορθώνει η Ευρωπαϊκή Ένωση μιλώντας με μία φωνή να πραγματοποιήσει σωστά στα Βαλκάνια, στη Μακεδονία, αυτό που ίσως θα έπρεπε να είχαμε κάνει εδώ και πάρα πολύ καιρό.
el,el,TrueΘα ήθελα η στρατηγική Ευρώπη 2020 να αποτελέσει έναν δεσμό μεταξύ της οικονομίας και της οικολογίας στην εφαρμογή του οποίου θα βοηθούσαν ακριβώς οι νέοι άνθρωποι, έτσι ώστε να γίνει μια ευκαιρία για τους νέους να προσφέρουν τη γνώση τους και να δημιουργήσουν το μέλλον της Ευρωπαϊκής Ένωσης.
el,el,TrueΘα δούμε πώς θα αντιδράσουν οι δεκαπέντε.
el,el,TrueΘεωρώ πολύ καλή ιδέα την πρόταση της κ. Lenz για τη δημιουργία ενιαίας δομής συντονισμού στην Επιτροπή για τα προγράμματα και τις ενέργειες στον τομέα των ανθρωπίνων δικαιωμάτων, των δικαιωμάτων των μειονοτήτων και του εκδημοκρατισμού.
el,el,TrueΚαι οι δύο πρέπει να αγωνιστούν για μεγαλύτερη αμοιβαία οικονομική ολοκλήρωση και η εταιρική τους σχέση πρέπει να είναι γάμος συμφέροντος και όχι γάμος από έρωτα.
el,el,TrueΚαταδεικνύει ότι απαιτείται βελτιωμένη νομοθεσία, αλλά και βελτιωμένη εποπτεία.
el,el,TrueΚύριε Πρόεδρε, διαπίστωσα στο Κοινοβούλιο κάποια δυσαρέσκεια για την ενημέρωση σχετικά με το πολύπλοκο και συγχρόνως πολιτικά ευαίσθητο θέμα.
el,el,TrueΚύριε Πρόεδρε, συμμερίζομαι την ανησυχία να μην πάρει η απάντηση στις τρομοκρατικές επιθέσεις τη μορφή σταυροφορίας κατά του Ισλάμ, αλλά με ορισμένες διευκρινίσεις.
el,el,TrueΜε τον καιρό, οι θέσεις εργασίας έχουν περάσει από τις αγγλικές κομητείες στην απένταντι όχθη της Μάγχης.
el,el,TrueΜόνο στον τομέα ανώτατης εκπαίδευσης στην Πορτογαλία ήταν η αναλογία ισόρροπη, με ποσοστό 53%.
el,el,TrueΟ συνάδελφος του Εργατικού Κόμματος, ο κ. Evans, προτείνει μια καλοδεχούμενη μεταρρύθμιση, προκειμένου να δοθεί η δυνατότητα σε όσους αισθάνονται πιο άνετα να χρησιμοποιούν τη μητρική τους γλώσσα, γλώσσα η οποία δεν ανήκει στις επίσημες γλώσσες της ΕΕ, όταν μας υποβάλλουν αναφορά.
el,el,TrueΟι στόχοι της OSPAR είναι γνωστοί.
el,el,TrueΠάντοτε έλεγα ότι τα κράτη μέλη πρέπει να εργαστούν προς την κατεύθυνση της ενσωμάτωσης των παιδιών στη γενική εκπαίδευση, όπου αυτό είναι δυνατόν, κατανοώντας όμως ταυτόχρονα ότι κάποια παιδιά ίσως να μην ευδοκιμήσουν σε αυτό το περιβάλλον, ιδιαίτερα αν δεν υπάρχει κατάλληλη υποστήριξη.
el,el,TrueΠιστεύουμε ότι η Επιτροπή είναι μάλλον λιγότερο ισχυρή σήμερα σε σχέση με πέντε χρόνια πριν.
el,el,TrueΠρέπει να αρχίσουμε να δείχνουμε κάποιον σεβασμό προς τις δυνάμεις της δημοκρατίας και πρέπει να αναγνωρίσουμε ότι δεν μπορείς να κάνεις ειρήνη αν δεν συνομιλήσεις με τον εχθρό σου.
el,el,TrueΠροστασία των ανηλίκων και της ανθρώπινης αξιοπρέπειας
el,el,TrueΠυρηνικά όπλα, χημικά όπλα και νάρκες ξηράς είναι μερικά από τα πιο εμφανή οπλικά συστήματα που και σε καιρό ειρήνης ακόμη επιφέρουν εκτεταμένες βλαβερές συνέπειες στο περιβάλλον.
el,el,TrueΣκεφτείτε ότι η Επιτροπή φτάνει στο σημείο να αναφέρει ότι οι χώρες που απήντησαν ότι δεν επιθυμούν να δεχθούν απόβλητα από τον πράσινο κατάλογο, δεν έχουν ίσως πλήρη επίγνωση της σημασίας της απόφασής τους για τους κλάδους του βιομηχανικού τους τομέα που μπορούν να χρησιμοποιήσουν απόβλητα από τον πράσινο κατάλογο για κατεργασία και περαιτέρω επεξεργασία.
el,el,TrueΣυγκεκριμένα, οι φυσικές καταστροφές προκαλούνται συχνά από την αλλαγή του κλίματος: οι πρόσφατες πλημμύρες στο Μεξικό αντικατοπτρίζουν την πραγματικότητα και την έκταση αυτής της ανησυχητικής τάσης.
el,el,TrueΤέλος, καταθέσαμε μία τροπολογία που εισάγει την αρχή της θετικής διάκρισης στον τομέα της Ε&Α για τις φτωχότερες περιφέρειες.
el,el,TrueΤα συνοπτικά πρακτικά της χθεσινής συνεδρίασης έχουν διανεμηθεί.
el,el,TrueΤο Κοινοβούλιο της Σκωτίας συμφώνησε να χορηγήσει 700 000 στερλίνες, ενώ η Εκτελεστική Αρχή της Βόρειας Ιρλανδίας προτίθετο να χορηγήσει 300 000 στερλίνες, συγκεντρώνοντας έτσι συνολικό ποσό 1 εκατομμυρίου στερλινών ως αρχική επιδότηση για την έναρξη και λειτουργία της υπηρεσίας.
el,el,TrueΤο να τον θυμόμαστε σημαίνει ότι συνεχίζουμε το έργο του.
el,el,TrueΤώρα δε μένει παρά να σας ζητήσουμε και να σας καλέσουμε να ακολουθήσετε αυτόν το δρόμο, κυρία Επίτροπε!
el,el,TrueΧάρη στο αποτέλεσμα αυτό ελευθερώνονται οι σιδηρόδρομοι για τη μεταφορά των εμπορευμάτων σε όλη την Ευρώπη.
el,el,TrueΩς προς το δικαιοστάσιο και τη Γενική Συνέλευση του Ο"Ε, το Κοινοβούλιο σας ζητεί το εξής, κύριε Προεδρεύων του Συμβουλίου, για τρίτη φορά το έτος που διανύουμε, και με τον πιο επίσημο τρόπο: πρέπει να καταβάλουμε κάθε δυνατή προσπάθεια, ώστε να επιτύχουμε την έγκριση ψηφίσματος από τη Γενική Συνέλευση του Ο"Ε, το ταχύτερο δυνατόν και πριν από το τέλος του έτους, για την εφαρμογή δικαιοστασίου και μιας στρατηγικής με σκοπό την κατάργηση της θανατικής ποινής.
el,el,TrueΩστόσο, υπάρχει κάτι που θέλω να πω.
el,el,TrueΕπιπλέον, η πολωνική κυβέρνηση μπορεί να ζητήσει υποστήριξη από το Ευρωπαϊκό Ταμείο Προσαρμογής στην Παγκοσμιοποίηση - κάτι που είναι πολύ πιθανό να έχει επιτυχία -Το μέγεθος της παρέμβασης αυτής θα εξαρτιόταν από το ποσό που θα ήταν έτοιμη να διαθέσει η πολωνική κυβέρνηση για συγχρηματοδότηση, καθώς το Ευρωπαϊκό Ταμείο Προσαρμογής στην Παγκοσμιοποίηση συγχρηματοδοτεί κατά μέγιστο βαθμό το 50% του κόστους.
en,en,TrueA sense of moderation will have to be observed when determining their pension benefits.
en,en,TrueAmendment No 8, in my view, is already covered by the existing Directive and merely repeats the provisions of Article 7.
en,en,TrueAs Member for Toulouse, I can tell you, how much, two years after the event, the tragedy of the explosion at the AZF factory remains extraordinarily present in the town, in the minds and often even in the flesh of the victims of the disaster.
en,en,TrueAs the international community finally woke up to Indonesia' s oppression, the idea that freedom was on its way grew in their minds.
en,en,TrueBefore I move on to the question of the approach agreed upon in the Council, I would like to remind everyone of the timely and effective work instigated by the Commission and given the support of the Member States' Standing Veterinary Committee to implement vital crisis measures imposed by the precautionary principle.
en,en,TrueBut the fishermen must be closely involved and above all the plan must be voluntary.
en,en,TrueConsideration must then be given to natural background emissions which cannot be influenced, as well as diffused emissions which are difficult to control, and which pollute the water quite substantially.
en,en,TrueEqually deplorably, the external frontiers convention has been ready for the last five years, but has not been introduced because of differences between the United Kingdom and Spain over Gibraltar.
en,en,TrueFirst of all, I am pleased to have heard the Danish Prime Minister defend the formula of qualified majority and codecision for Community legislation, and I hope that it is all our legislation that he has in mind.
en,en,TrueFor many Europeans, a hen's egg is a welcome part of their breakfast.
en,en,TrueHe was one of the main exponents of the conservative revolution in Germany and certainly, as pointed out by the international press today, an important author of European political thinking and twentieth century literature.
en,en,TrueHowever, this reduction should focus primarily on companies that are uncompetitive; unfortunately, the reality is often different.
en,en,TrueI am happy to say that the EU institutions and bodies have shown that in general, they are keen to resolve issues that I bring to their attention.
en,en,TrueI believe this only has to do with the e-commerce directive, so I hope the Commissioner will take another look at the issue.
en,en,TrueI have some critical questions relating to whether the present programme is capable of tackling this problem adequately.
en,en,TrueI think that this, in conjunction with recruitment of contractual agents, will allow us to achieve flexibility with the required degree of protection.
en,en,TrueI would like to finish by saying that we should not lose sight in all this of the fact that the responsibility for urban transport systems remains with the towns and cities of Europe.
en,en,TrueIf so, those developing countries must then authorise them themselves, but how can they do this if they ...
en,en,TrueIn fact, is there a future for this project or should we now be rethinking the whole initiative?
en,en,TrueIn some parts of the Union - and I am quite willing to cite the United Kingdom - we are not doing as well as we could.
en,en,TrueIndeed, in this instance the final settlement could threaten the very survival of both Boeing and Airbus.
en,en,TrueIt is a large and important country with a troubled history.
en,en,TrueIt seems therefore to have escaped the attention of the author of this startling claim that the UK does have a frontier with the rest of the European continent.
en,en,TrueLadies and gentlemen, first of all, allow me to thank the person responsible for the report of the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, Mr Jáuregui Atondo, for his cooperation.
en,en,TrueMany of us believe that the situation is already becoming extremely worrying.
en,en,TrueMr President, according to Article 129b, the trans-European networks must contribute to the strengthening of the Community's economic and social cohesion.
en,en,TrueMy report notes that the planned measures must not infringe the property rights of EU citizens.
en,en,TrueOn the one hand, we have heard, with regard to this directive, that if we do not come down on the side of patents in general, we will stifle innovation and make Europe less competitive.
en,en,TrueParagraph 19 refers to the 1994 inventory, not completed by 1996.
en,en,TrueSadly, ethnic and religious violence is not a novelty in India, but violence against Christians on the scale reported is new.
en,en,TrueSometimes this is the case in history; tragic events can set positive developments in motion.
en,en,TrueThe EU common position reflects this need; it is a balanced document, detailing our criticisms, while engaging Government over its responsibilities and offering assistance to the people.
en,en,TrueThe abuse of new forms of employment must also be prevented, along with bogus self-employment and undeclared work.
en,en,TrueThe economy is booming, millions are lifted out of poverty.
en,en,TrueThe next item is the debate on six motions for resolution concerning the Philippines.
en,en,TrueThe report should have examined which issues should be considered at various levels; local, regional, national and European EU level.
en,en,TrueThen, whatever active demand loses in public spending, it will gain from increased exports and we shall avoid tax increases.
en,en,TrueThere needs to be a reference to proportional liability, not joint and several liability, which would create a system based on mistrust.
en,en,TrueThis also goes for information on, for example, what projects where are receiving what support.
en,en,TrueThis is not only about the liberation of Aung San Suu Kyi, but also about the liberation of the Burmese people as a whole.
en,en,TrueThose are the priorities advocated by our political group and most of them can also be found in the European Pact on Immigration and Asylum, which needs to be implemented on the basis of concrete action.
en,en,TrueUnfortunately the EU is hell-bent on trade-block-to-trade-block negotiations, and for this reason I abstained.
en,en,TrueWe can only be credible if we too do our homework.
en,en,TrueWe in Europe are bound to follow the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child.
en,en,TrueWe see that combined efforts are giving results.
en,en,TrueWhat are we going to do next year?
en,en,TrueYesterday, according to the press, there was a meeting of the Advisory Committee in which - it is alleged - several Member States decided not to support the Commission's proposal for action: as a tax of about 12-15 % in particular was mentioned.
en,en,Truerestrict the sovereign rights of Member States,
en,en,TrueThere are plans to build a further six for distribution to countries that may request them and have already expressed an interest.
es,es,TrueA nivel europeo, se apoya la formación continuada de los profesores en estas tecnologías del futuro con el programa SOCRATES.
es,es,TrueAhora tenemos que priorizar la creación de empleo.
es,es,TrueAsimismo, me parece importante que haya mejor coordinación con las otras iniciativas comunitarias.
es,es,TrueComo coordinador del Partido Popular Europeo en la Comisión de Empleo y Asuntos Sociales estoy muy satisfecho con el compromiso alcanzado, por el que el Sr. Andersson se ha esforzado mucho.
es,es,TrueConstituye una equivocación y una crueldad considerar a los pobres inmigrantes como trabajadores ilegales carentes de derechos.
es,es,TrueDe Jericó a Ramallah yo tardaba normalmente 20 minutos.
es,es,TrueDeberían poder transponer al mismo tiempo los objetivos de la directiva revisada y la fecha límite fijada en esta propuesta.
es,es,TrueDesearía en cambio aportar nuestro total apoyo a las propuestas del ponente relativas a la armonización de las sanciones.
es,es,TrueEl Parlamento trata muchos asuntos que parecen ser sumamente técnicos y, a primera vista, no son prioritarios en muchos programas políticos; este es quizás un asunto de este tipo.
es,es,TrueEl gran libro de historia sigue abierto con un montón de hojas en blanco.
es,es,TrueEl pasado mes de mayo, el Consejo aprobó la propuesta de iniciar una nueva etapa para alcanzar conjuntamente el 0,56 % en 2010, y el objetivo del 0,7 % del PNB en 2015.
es,es,TrueEn consecuencia, como se puede comprobar, la fuente del problema es, en definitiva, de carácter fiscal.
es,es,TrueEn este momento los Países Bajos tienen que hacer frente a los problemas sufridos por un Estado miembro que debe realizar, a título individual, exorbitantes inversiones a la hora de adquirir nuevos equipos para uso militar.
es,es,TrueEn mi opinión, tratar de conseguir mediante esa propuesta una acción coordinada, junto con un intercambio de información que permita la pronta identificación de posibles problemas, responde adecuadamente a las preocupaciones en cuanto a la necesidad de garantizar la seguridad aérea.
es,es,TrueEn tal caso convendría considerar en serio la posibilidad de que, en la Cumbre, las decisiones se tomaran entre catorce países, y hacer caso omiso del Reino Unido.
es,es,TrueEs necesario ampliarla, hacerla más flexible, que sea también posible proteger no solamente el camino por el que transita la ayuda humanitaria, sino también a los pesqueros y a los mercantes comunitarios.
es,es,TrueEse tipo de decisiones actuarán indudablemente como un catalizador para encontrar una solución al problema de Chipre.
es,es,TrueEstaba claro que la seguridad es la cuestión esencial.
es,es,TrueEsto es, conforme a la decisión presupuestaria del Parlamento de diciembre pasado.
es,es,TrueEvidentemente, mañana, antes de la votación, tanto el ponente como los servicios de la Presidencia apuntarán la necesaria rectificación para que todos los textos sean uniformes.
es,es,TrueHay que seguir haciendo hincapié en las medidas de seguridad pasiva.
es,es,TrueLa Comisión de Presupuestos y esta Asamblea han protestado ya repetidas veces enérgicamente en otros casos contra este proceder.
es,es,TrueLa Unión Europea ha asumido un papel principal colaborando con los países de los Balcanes Occidentales para consolidar la paz y la estabilidad en la región y promover el desarrollo económico y el respeto de los derechos humanos y el Estado de derecho.
es,es,TrueLa lucha contra la violencia es particularmente compleja. Supone la colaboración de la policía y la justicia, así como una posible modificación de la legislación, y la información y sensibilización, no sólo de la opinión pública, sino también de los servicios oficiales implicados.
es,es,TrueLa votación de hoy marca un sendero.
es,es,TrueLe pido que retire sus falsedades y sus descalificaciones.
es,es,TrueLos diputados se han repartido el tiempo de los grupos para que todos tuvieran un minuto pero casi nadie ha hablado menos de un minuto y medio y, por lo tanto, no hay manera de responder positivamente, como todos desearíamos, a quienes quieren intervenir fuera del tiempo que corresponde a sus grupos correspondientes.
es,es,TrueMejorar el papel de los Parlamentos nacionales en la legalización de las decisiones europeas confirma el proceso pertinente y también dignifica el papel de los Estados nacionales como identificación cultural y jurídica de los pueblos en la excitante construcción de la Unión.
es,es,TrueNecesitamos una declaración política clara y esa es mi petición a todos los grupos que votarán mañana: que reconsideren hoy cuál es el camino correcto a seguir.
es,es,TrueNo obstante, me opongo a los actos bárbaros que se siguen cometiendo, a pesar de que las razones que los justificaban han desaparecido hace mucho tiempo.
es,es,TrueNo voy a contestar a cada uno, sino en general.
es,es,TruePara mejorar los transportes de animales vivos, se deben cumplir los siguientes puntos:
es,es,TruePero, si hemos de prevenirnos contra todas estas inquietudes, contra los peligros que nos amenazan, no debemos olvidar lo principal, que es participar en la carrera.
es,es,TruePor último, aplaudo la propuesta de elaborar una base de datos europea de imágenes de pornografía infantil, con un enlace en tiempo real a informes del teléfono de información y asistencia permanente al servicio de la policía, de manera que ésta pueda tener a su alcance las mejores herramientas posibles para combatir esta conducta aberrante.
es,es,TrueQuiero dar las gracias al señor Potočnik y al señor Verheugen, de la Comisión, a los miembros de la Comisión de Industria, Investigación y Energía, y al señor Renzo Tomellini, jefe de la unidad de nanociencias y nanotecnologías.
es,es,TrueRusia está incluida en nuestra estrategia para la Dimensión Septentrional, pero también pretendemos presentar una estrategia para nuestros nuevos vecinos, puesto que con la inminente ampliación habrá una necesidad de considerar una estrategia global con respecto a los Estados del este que pasarán a ser vecinos de la Unión Europea tras la ampliación, esto es, Ucrania, Belarús y Moldova.
es,es,TrueSe trata, a pesar de todo, un objetivo social, que merece ser puesto claramente sobre la mesa.
es,es,TrueSeñor Comisario, personalmente considero bastante inquietantes las fuerzas que dentro de la Unión Europea intentan poner obstáculos en el camino de una futura adhesión de Turquía.
es,es,TrueSeñor Presidente, quisiera comenzar felicitando a nuestro colega el Sr. Medina Ortega y a la propia señora Comisaria por el trabajo de uno y otra, que realmente es excelente.
es,es,TrueSeñora Presidenta, me gustaría dar las gracias a Bill Miller por un trabajo muy exhaustivo y profundo.
es,es,TrueSi no actuásemos, bajo determinadas circunstancias se nos podría demandar ante el tribunal Europeo de Justicia por nuestra falta de actuación obligándosenos a ratificar Kioto.
es,es,TrueSin embargo, para lanzar la etiqueta ecológica, es preciso que se publicite con objeto de que, por fin, sea reconocida y valorada por los consumidores como un importante instrumento para contribuir a un mundo más verde y limpio, conceptos que están perfectamente en línea con una Unión Europea que ha adoptado una moneda común, que aspira a una ampliación y a una integración económica y política cada vez más amplia.
es,es,TrueTambién consideraremos la cuestión de los avances en el seno de la Unión Africana y de la Nueva Alianza para el Desarrollo de África. La formación de la Unión Africana y de la NEPAD es otra iniciativa importante.
es,es,TrueTeniendo esto presente y por lo que a mí me consta, al Parlamento se le ha facilitado la información relevante y correcta.
es,es,TrueUna política exterior común en el ámbito de la energía no se debería limitar al abastecimiento y la seguridad, sino que debería incluir dos cuestiones fundamentales: la emisión de gases de efecto invernadero y, en segundo lugar, la búsqueda de energías alternativas.
es,es,TrueY sin embargo la violencia contra las mujeres dista mucho de disminuir.
es,es,TrueSeñor Presidente, en los movimientos pacifistas de todo el mundo, las mujeres suelen llevar la iniciativa y están en mayoría.
es,es,TruePor ahí hay que seguir.
et,et,True(Istung katkestati kell 12.45 ja see jätkus kell 15.00)
et,et,True- Arutelu on lõppenud.
et,et,TrueAntud suuline kokkulepe pole kunagi kehtinud tegevosale; tõepoolest kokkuleppe sõlmimise ajal tegevusosa polnudki.
et,et,TrueAustatud juhataja! Mulle teeb muret, et komisjoni arvutused rahvusvahelise kliimarahastamise kohta on vaid silmapete.
et,et,TrueELi ja Ukraina ühendamine on pikk ja keerukas protsess.
et,et,TrueEnergia, vesi, metsad, jäätmed ja põllumajandustootmine erastatakse ning koondatakse väheste rahvusvaheliste ettevõtete kätesse - nüüd keskkonna nimel.
et,et,TrueEt vältida ebaseaduslikku tegevust, tuleb siirikelundite võtmist elusdoonoritelt käsitleda viimase võimalusena, kui puuduvad teised võimalused, nagu näiteks surmajärgne doonorlus.
et,et,TrueEuropeana - järgmised sammud (
et,et,TrueHääletamine toimub teisipäeval, 24. novembril 2009.
et,et,TrueJust romid ise peavad kinni paljudest tavadest, mida on raske, kui mitte võimatu sobitada enamikus Euroopa riikides kehtivate peamiste reeglitega.
et,et,TrueKa viimastel on nüüd võimalus kujundada aegsasti oma seisukoht ning osaleda neid mõjutavate otsuste langetamises.
et,et,TrueKaubanduskomisjon on seisukohal, et mis tahes kokkuleppe oluliseks osaks peab olema säästva arengu peatükk, kaasa arvatud jätkusuutlikkuse mõjuhinnang.
et,et,TrueKomisjon on selle küsimuse kallal põhjalikku tööd teinud ja peatselt saame me esitada ombudsmanile vastava ettepaneku.
et,et,TrueKui luuakse register kõikidest nendest, kellel lubatakse siia tulla, kutsun ma pr Lullingit üles tagama, et üks kolmandik kohtadest antakse ettevõtetele, üks kolmandik valitsusvälistele organisatsioonidele ja üks kolmandik ülejäänutele.
et,et,TrueKuid praegu on just õige aeg ja õige koht ning me peaksime kaitsma neid inimesi sõltumata oma erinevatest poliitilistest eelistustest.
et,et,TrueKäesolev resolutsiooni ettepanek, mida toetasin juba majandus- ja sotsiaalkomitees ning mille poolt hääletasin ka tänasel täiskogu istungil, saadab Euroopa Parlamendi poolt selge sõnumi.
et,et,TrueLiikmesriikidele antakse selge stiimul oma heitkoguste õiguslikest piiridest kinnipidamiseks, kuna piiride ületamine toob kaasa suuremaid kärpeid järgmise aasta kvootides.
et,et,TrueLäänemere piirkonna tulevane majanduskasv sõltub, nagu ka igal pool mujal, otseselt innovatsioonipoliitika edust.
et,et,TrueMa käsitlen kindlasti ka negatiivseid aspekte, kuid lubage mul alustada mõne positiivse aspektiga eelmistest aastatest.
et,et,TrueMa toetan mõtet aidata alles valitud parlamentidel tugevdada ja teostada õigusloometegevust nii suures kooskõlas kui võimalik kehtestatud demokraatlike standarditega.
et,et,TrueMe loodame, et te võite meile täna lubada, et te viite varsti läbi uurimise ebaseadusliku või seadusliku piirkondliku abi kohta, sest siin on tegemist kaaluka probleemiga: me tahame konkurentsi lennujaamade vahelist õiglast konkurentsi reisijate kasuks.
et,et,TrueMeie arutelu keskendub toidutoormele või toidu koostisosadele, ent ei hõlma lõpptoodete päritolu.
et,et,TrueMinu arvates saab nii ulatusliku kriisiga tegelda ainult Euroopa tasandil, mis peab viima Euroopa edasise integreerumiseni.
et,et,TrueMulle avaldas muljet lugupidamine, mida näitasite oma rahva vastu, tunnistades, et kui neile oleks antud võimalus, oleksid nad arvatavasti Iirimaa kombel samuti Lissaboni lepingu vastu hääletanud.
et,et,TrueNagu me teame, on 27% kalaliikidest väljasuremise äärel ja kui kalapüüki ei piirata, siis nad kaovad.
et,et,TrueNimetatud soovitused olid komisjoni 16. detsembril vastu võetud teatise teema.
et,et,TrueOlen kuulnud eri näiteid selle kohta, mis praegu juhtumas on, näiteks olulises veeküsimuses.
et,et,TruePaljud teist võivad isegi saada igapäevaseid e-kirju.
et,et,TruePeame tegelema ELi kodanike andmete kaitsmisega ning sellega, kas ja kuidas neid andmeid teistele edastatakse, sest see on oluline.
et,et,TrueProgrammi eesmärk ei ole muidugi kriminaliseerida Internetti ja näha uutes tehnoloogiates katastroofi; pigem vastupidi.
et,et,TrueRaudteetransport saab tegelikult muutuda konkurentsivõimeliseks, - võrreldes just maanteeliiklusega -, kui ta tõuseb Euroopa tasandile, ning see sõltub põhiliselt rongide võimest ületada piire.
et,et,TrueSamas ei tohi me seetõttu kaotada silmist teist tähtsat probleemi, sest neil turgudel valitseb nüüd uus olukord, mis on seotud nii toiduainete kui energiaga.
et,et,TrueSeda tehakse kohe, nii et hoian teid järgmiste minutite jooksul asjaga kursis.
et,et,TrueSee mõjutab suuresti Briti põllumajandust ning praeguse tsükli struktuurifondide programme.
et,et,TrueSee võib tähendada näiteks eakate potentsiaali kasutamist ning uute kaasamise vormide leidmist, millel on suurem paindlikkus kestuse ja osalemise suhtes.
et,et,TrueSeetõttu kiidan kolleeg Văleani raporti heaks ning pean seda tähtsaks sammuks Euroopa ühtse energiapoliitika loomise suunas.
et,et,TrueSelle olukorra ümberpööramine ja aruka sotsiaalse turumajanduse väljatöötamine, kus EL on ülemaailmne juht kõikides majanduselu valdkondades, saab mõõdupuuks, mille alusel me uut komisjoni hindame.
et,et,TrueSeoses kasvuhoonegaaside heitega on atmosfäär juba küllastatud CO2ga ja edasise heite mõju on väike.
et,et,TrueSiiski, ma usun, et meil on hea materjal, mille põhjalt kokkulepe saavutada, sest kõik raportöörid töötavad väga tihedalt koos.
et,et,TrueSõrmejälgede võtmine lastelt on lihtsalt vale.
et,et,TrueTeine tähtis tegur on minu arvates põlvkondade- ja kultuuridevaheline solidaarsus.
et,et,TrueUsun kindlalt, et selline kooskõlastatud rahvusvaheline koostöö võimaldab kõikide jõe teele jäävate riikide ühismeetmete abil Doonau ökosüsteeme tõhusamalt kaitsta.
et,et,TrueViis aastat tagasi tõin ma selle probleemi toonase voliniku Louis Micheli ette ja ütlesin, et meil on vaja sellist meedet nagu see.
et,et,Trueeesistuja. - (SL) Euroopa Liit peaks tegema otsustava panuse Euroopa heade tavade vahetamisele, võttes arvesse, et just liikmesriigid vastutavad asjakohaste ja jätkusuutlike perepoliitikate kujundamise eest.
et,et,Truekirjalikult. - (PT) Äärepoolseimatel piirkondadel on iseärasusi, mida tuleb arvestada Euroopa kasvu ja arengu edendamise meetmete juures.
et,et,TrueÄsja ütles keegi, et vajame usaldust.
et,et,TrueOn enesestmõistetav, et on vägagi meie huvides selles suhtes meetmeid rakendada.
